but papa bryan callen had his first
taste of turmeric coffee he throws an r
and turmeric yes a lot of people did I
been eating turmeric since well the
seven days back when I was living in
India I would have bet my life there was
no are not about months ago and if there
was an our tumeric I thought it was
tumeric tea um er IC or whatever now the
Indians have been using it forever oh
yeah they have I don't know how to spell
it
that's why is it kid I had no
inflammation in my body you just hate
turmeric all the time that's your pee
smell weird how was the tumeric kid what
else makes your pee smell where besides
asparagus I think sometimes coffee my
looking I'm 52 my body is betraying me
which is why I'm having my Laird
Hamilton super coffee right that's good
stuff right look at him his body's not
betraying them yeah but what what
happened five what happens is when your
body is when I feel like I'm in wet
cement when I wake up now now for the
first time in my life my feet I got a
warm them up forget about all that
bullshit now now old Brian is going to a
doc I'm tell you this right now on Joe
Rogan
we're gonna get jacked if I look a
little vain here and my skin looks a
little more flushed don't ask questions
just know that I got a good dog again on
the trt I can't wait a long time ago why
don't you listen to me
I don't know I just cuz I cuz I want to
think that you know my body my
testosterone is a little higher than
everybody else is it was an ego thing
but now you know what we're all mortal
yes like little things well I have wear
and tear for sure from all the years of
beating up my body like joints and stuff
like that like I just had to get some
stem-cell shot into my knee
I've had some shot in my shoulder stuff
like that but in terms of like energy
and like vitality and health I feel
fucking great Jess here's what I do
here's my here's my I can see if you got
a real getter who your weight on 52 I
feel fucking great I'm in the sauna
almost every day I have a sauna here mmm
we got a sauna at my house you and I are
gonna sauna Russians let's do it alright
dude it's so good for you man it means
something something's happening for sure
after I get out of there I'm just like a
little looser it's a it's a percentage I
don't know what percentage it is it's is
it 10% is it is it more but there's a
feeling that you get after you do a good
sauna
where everything is just like yeah but
this also has to do with arriving at a
point in your life where you're happy
with this what you've done the decisions
you've made
so I sleep for me eight hours of sleep
seven and a half hours peak and then I
if as long as I don't eat for 12 hours
so if I eat if I finished eating at
eight and I'll start eating at eight
again or ten and that for me twelve to
fourteen hours
I guess it's intermittent fasting those
two things I haven't had a cold in I
don't know 15 months you're so trendy
and Pavel told me told me to Pavel
taught Selene yeah
who's a metal valve loved that monster
fucking such an honor to have him in
here I'm a big fan of that guy he told
me it's once a day really big giant meal
at dinner that's it
at dinner yeah so how does he stay he's
just like nails yeah but I think I guess
fucking skinny shake shakes your hand
like this
oh good looks you in the eyes shakes
your head at my bro we fighting dick
what's happening here this is a fucking
heavy-duty handshake just done a resting
alpha he's an animal an animal and his
his methods are so uh you know like
contrary to how you would normally think
about like weightlifting in particular
going to failure all the time but yet
also makes sense yeah like you saying do
it more often
have longer breaks like it's about
strength like strength is the most
important thing strength his company's
called strength first for that reason
really yeah
he's like you want to do likes if you
can do something for ten repetitions you
want to do about five and then you want
to wait between five and ten minutes
before you do it again it's right yeah
it makes sense if you just do most of us
do not have that kind of fucking time
and for sure you can get in tremendous
shape with a CrossFit workout yes or a
height what does it hit high intensity
we doing box jump for that you can
certainly get what there's some people
out there that are in phenomenal shape
working out like that yeah but what
makes sense about what he's saying is
just like you know the amount of time
required for your body to recover if you
give yourself your body's ability to
recover in between sets you let
everything sort of come back to baseline
before you Jack it up again with another
sad right like your body has more time
to recover and you can perform more work
and so your body adapts better the idea
is that you're overwhelming your body
when you're going to fail you're just
beating the shit you're also getting
injured it Busey how many of his the
guys are not a state and get injured and
because my in it's not fair so fair but
my impression of every CrossFit athlete
that I know is always like this watch
now I'm getting back into and I just got
to pull the something's always jiu-jitsu
to me yes same thing you know and I'm a
big proponent of that as well as you get
older you I don't I can't get injured
I'm yes I'm doing you know I don't know
if you know this but I'm a thespian I'm
gonna show called school they'll see
guys and you jump around a lot you lot
you're very physic I'm very fit by the
way a dancer by the way it's do you want
to talk about physical on the show we
had Bill Goldberg on and you know Bill I
love that dude the best I love him now
he walks around a very trim he's my age
Oh 260 when he was wrestling was 280 and
and you don't judge what you don't
realize is he played professional
football for I think was for seven years
so he's the real deal and just a real
athlete so also a very nice guy the best
I love him he did a hosted a show called
was it called Garage Mahal
yeah they redid my garage and turned it
into like like a whole training center
like with a cage the cage and hung heavy
bags and sauce put pictures of like old
UFC fights in the wall it's fucking
amazing he's a guy who brings it 100%
like every time whether it's acting and
so and by the way he comes in and I'm
like your neck looks so thick he goes
first thing I workout first thing he's
well those guys like Chuck Liddell when
you're close to him he breathes
differently like you know what he went
with an a race car
like he's
Shelby did you sleep he's like I don't
sleep up in a band why are ya and anyway
so we had this thing where I was playing
a quarterback and that guy oh it's
ridiculous that's what he looks like
right now that's what it looks like
right now and insisted he had he had a
stunt double the stunt double didn't do
anything he did all the stunts himself
to the point where he had he had to rush
at me in a touch football game I am the
quarterback and he had to hit two dudes
for a look at that picture no I mean
smoked a little weed before this podcast
and I got a lot of people yeah but that
pictures kind of freaking me out he's
gotta go he's so massive he's but here's
the thing about him Matt it's really
interesting that the the profession of
professional wrestling is unbelievably
brutal in your body yes all those guys I
don't think get respected enough for how
hard that job is to do they're doing it
hundreds of nights they can hundred plus
nights a year and they're throwing each
other around they get smashed but what I
was gonna say is he has come out of it
better than most yes for sure because
he's never stopped working out and he
never stops stretching so we'll be on
set that guy's stretching he says that
length of strength he's he's always
moving his body yeah you know it's like
Kurt Angle told me instead of warrior he
told me that he got injured way more
he said gold medals in the Olympics it
was a wrestler got what injured way more
doing professional wrestling and over
sure and he totin and bill told me the
same thing but he had to come at me and
he said look I'm gonna come out I'm
gonna knock these two guys down and I'm
gonna I'm coming for your head I'm gonna
dive in come on so you have to dust on
schooled yes but I had never seen I've
never been that close to a prog a former
pro football player is they these are
stuntmen strong guys but it's a
different thing he would just come off
that line and his speed and he would hit
these two dudes with his he got dirt
like that and the thud that it sounded
like maybe went when two elephants hit
like just you know that that
and they would go they would they went
flying backwards horizontal and then he
comes and dives and would come for my
head and we kept Devin to the takeover
because I'm a coward and I would I would
you know I look like a potato bug you
know worried I do anyway
I feel like Goldberg is a guy who could
do the same kind of movies that the rock
does I do too I feel like he may be a
gigantic movies I think he's a good
actor that's the other thing I think
he's really good on the show look at him
he's a gigantic dude and I think he
could be a big movie star I think he
could do any kind of those action movies
I know he's done a bunch yep but I mean
I think he could be a huge megastar he's
got all the personality so really nice I
hunted smart funny yeah he's with it I
could talk to the guys right there
mm-hmm and very humble for a fucking
ridiculously huge giant person just but
such a weird athlete his hands his
fingers like I was like how do you dial
a cell phone if hangs it to fuck dick
you hit two numbers Jimmy Pedro who was
working for Fuji at the time and they
installed oh no he was working for zebra
excuse me at the time and they if he
works for Fuji now and Jimmy Pedro was a
gold medalist Olympics for judo and
Jimmy Pedro set everything up and he he
put the they put these mats down on like
a raised platform so it had a little
bounce to it like if you if you fell you
got slammed or something like that and
so they tested it out and so by testing
that out Jimmy Pedro who probably weighs
175 maybe let me say you know with lean
thin very strong guys throwing around
Goldberg oh he was yeah I mean Gober was
letting up yes
executing Goldberg will throw himself
but you see Pedro's technique is such
that it's so good that he can do this
Oh like look how easy that's my garage
son so watch how it watch it watch how
he does this I mean this is also this is
Jimmy Pedro way after he's done
competing he teaches now but look at
that boom look at that technique those
hip toss is fucking perfect just perfect
technique look how much bigger
Goldberger is them but he can throw them
around and I was showing cold we're
gonna do it yeah God knows on this shit
already here see em kick and punch
I have I've seen him work out he's
fucking legit as fuck very much done
that's a statement he's fucking said
it's fucking legit as fuck I had an
extra fucker to ruin the whole sentence
it's all about harmony yeah but um he's
uh like I said he's with it it's there
he's also um like remarkably uninjured
for someone who did what he did for so
long he knows a lot about exercise
physiology he's got some bumps I know
he's got some shit going on but he still
looks like him and I mean a lot of these
guys are fucked up man where the back
injuries have forced them to be like
like very tight rigid they can't move so
good anymore now that's where Diamond
Dallas Page has done an amazing job is
like getting these guys into yoga and
getting these guys specifically into his
style of yoga which is like a lot of
dynamic tension stuff too he's helped so
many of those guys get over like serious
back injuries yes yes because dad douses
back was fucked up man you know all
those years were getting body-slammed
all those he is picking up giant guys
yeah all that shit his back was fucked
up and he still has a fucked up back but
he does yoga every day and his back is
so strong that it keeps everything in
place so all those yoga techniques with
the what's really done better than
anything for these wrestlers is
stabilized their back like through
through like a dynamic range right now
you're doing standing bow you're doing
you know you're leaning forward and
doing like that T thing when you stand
on one leg all that kind of shit is
tremendous for your spine in your court
and so that protects like a lot of guys
with back injury that's him right there
yes let me bad bro he's in his 60s he
did that without God he did that without
even warming up out here in the garage I
could never do that
I got his foot and stands up like that
BAM I think Dallas is like 66 or
something he's in tremendous shape he's
a great guy that's super easy super
infectious personality like he's so
friendly and happy and he does so much
for other people that are sick and
injured he's got a bunch of videos of
these guys like that guy right there who
was so fucked up that he was walking
with crutches who could barely get along
and by the end of it
Dallas had him running he had
doing yoga look at there he's standing
on his head like the guy lost a shitload
of weight you got to do you keeping
flexible is more important than anything
else
Dallas helps these guys he even had a
foot he had a separate house right where
he's keeping like jake the snake' and a
couple of these guys and he had a
separate house for them where he was
like helping rehabilitate them and bring
them back to health the other thing
about getting older is you get sore
faster I had ever such a stupid thing I
had to have a wrestling match with my
jeans don't ask together I couldn't get
him off and why are you show only show
why don't you get stretchy jeans no but
it was part of the comedy you know oh
that you couldn't move good new jeans I
want to give away the episode of school
you can have to wait i tied to my leg
aware no sir as you know cuz he's unruly
and he's always wanting to get in the
feed bucket you know what that wasn't
part of the joke those are your hog no
but I do that like 10 50 takes and well
I was sore the next day oh yeah ever
sure I was sore the next day you have
mats from comedy I was sore from
physical comedy yesterday that's some
serious physical comedy and that that is
a point that I've I've heard before and
I don't know if this is true but many
people have told me and this is like
this long-standing thing that you know
Chevy Chase is kind of known as a grumpy
guy yeah they said that Chevy Chase did
so many pratfalls that he's in pain all
the time that's it that's interesting
just stop and think about all the times
you saw Chevy Chase fall down in movies
and in TV shows and one of the things
that happens obviously to older athletes
that play football or combat sports or
boxing is getting beat up like that
getting slammed around like that they
got bad backs they get headaches they
get some feel good you're always named
yeah you know especially the athletes
get the PTSD but what what you're seeing
with him it very well could be that that
guy hurt his body real bad doing
pratfalls Buster Keaton who's like the
very first ever stuntman who did crazy
shit man if you ever watch like some
old Buster Keaton films the stunts that
that guy did back when they couldn't
fake any yeah like nuts but I was always
getting beat up his body was fucked up
man yeah listen here Chevy Chase falling
down bro I got news for you this is all
legit and he fell a lot man constantly
he was like almost like a Tom Green type
character but now so yeah yeah but also
a brilliant actor and comedian so he
fell all the fucking time
so I'm guessing as a person who's fallen
a bunch of times yeah that guy's
probably in pain a lot like all the time
like people always say Chevy Chase is so
grumpy yeah maybe he's just fuckin in
pain oh yeah maybe just doesn't feel
good how do you can't feel there's no
way dude that's just a few he fell on
Saturday live all the time he felt
didn't he fall in Fletch remember that
cop movie actually improved I think he
felt everything bro you fell through
everything so for me some of them might
have a stuntman I was boxing so much and
what I would do is I would just get in
the ring and I would just start hitting
mitts kind of light and fanned by light
I mean you know I don't know 30% and
then in about a minute I'm trying I'm
going full because I'm warmed up I might
feel great yeah and a guy who is a
trainer walk by he said he used to be a
pro football player and and now he
trains a lot of pro athletes and he
knows his shit and he walked by and he
goes he looks at me and he goes think
Chris Camacho Chris lifts the man goes
he's not warming up again huh guidance
fifties cool just going at it huh he
just left them in common yeah that's all
he said he knew but he knew and sure
enough sure enough I'm still now I
haven't mailed a box and I don't know
three months dude cuz I fucked myself up
cuz I didn't warm up you talk to a moron
who had stem cells shot in his knee the
other day because I tore my meniscus in
a kicking contest with Joe shale and I
saw my pants on
I'm a moron no like there's no full
blast it's gotta get gives a little bit
sure cuz it's a padded thing that's a
block that sits on the board whatever
measures the amount of power whatever
that's watching you kick and con that's
not good that's not good that was not
given
yeah yeah done it it's not I'll tell you
one thing though it's I'm not confident
enough to sidekick it like turning back
kick it like really really like right to
like the hardest kick that I could do
into it
I don't want it doesn't give enough
right you know like a spinning back kick
or turning side kick the amount of
torque that's involved when you have
that knee up and you turn in the corner
and then you shove that fucking thing
through yeah oh my god the amount of
torque that's involved if that thing
doesn't move that's it that's gonna all
be in your knee yeah I'm not interested
in doing that so I won't do that but
I'll kick it roundhouse kick roundhouse
kick you just ride out kick you can kick
a fucking bag that's not even gonna give
it all like they have those fairtex bags
they're like 300 pounds you've seen
those big giant yeah that you can dig
into that motherfucker and get okay your
leg kind of gives - there's like a
little bit of flex to a roundhouse kick
but a straight kick it's like so much of
it is on the joint of the knee so much
of it like a side kick in particular so
much of it when you extend like there's
a lot of lot of pressure on that knee
and a lot of pressure on the foot - if
you if you hit it wrong look if you hit
it with the ball of the foot instead of
the heel oh my god you could break your
ankle but you know some feel like guys
like Henry cejudo those guys come out of
the Olympic training centers like the
national coach for the gym USA
gymnastics team
he was like my athletes don't get
injured he I mean for the most part he
said because the way we build them
structurally and the boring is shit
exercises we have our athletes do before
they start kind of putting that kind of
pressure on their joints so is pedantic
its piecemeal but I was wondering like
I'll see someone like sudo who is a fuck
obviously a maniac with the way
transmitted but he there's there's a
science that when you're when you live
at the Olympic Training Center there's a
science with all those guys they're
there they're working out there's no
meathead shit oh no question
they're working out is very specifically
he had those neuro Force guys in here
that's the name of the company right
neuro force that helped train him they
have all these like really like high
tech cutting-edge training methods yeah
and but you know he did get injured all
right
he fucked his shoulder up in his last
fight he's actually had surgery in a
fight yeah yes that's not natural yeah
the TJ Dillashaw fight which happened
you know so very quickly yeah oh no no
no Marlin rice that's right it was a
Marlin mirai's flanker it was post TJ
Dillashaw damn island Mirage fight was
fucking incredible the fact that that
guy was able to weather that storm with
that first round and and look Marlin
mirai's in that first round looked like
an assassin he looked like one of the
best fighters ever and then says oh yes
but pseudo just changed everything in
the second round he got in his face he
put it to him he'd be pressured him and
Marlin was he felt too big too big when
he's cut in the way like he he came
right to to heaven it was too much of a
drain on them and so who they're just
overwhelmed them how would how would
Aldo do against so that I've heard from
other MMA fighters that they would never
know until they fought you never never
know but I like all the 135 pounds he
looks so good against my eyes it's
interesting they like the UFC it seems
like is saying that Aldo could get a
title shot even though he lost the
decision to mirai's so I haven't talked
to anybody I don't know what their
position is on that decision I didn't
think the decision was right
I felt like Aldo controlled so much more
of the fight yeah I don't like to I've
said it a hundred times I'll say it 101
I don't like the way these fights are
scored I don't think we should be using
this really blunt tool for fine work
right I think there's a lot that goes on
in a fight and we should probably have a
conference where martial arts experts
and you know whether it's from different
disciplines wrestling kickboxing
whatever everybody get together and just
like let's try to come up with a better
solution someone should be able to come
up with a better scoring system it
doesn't have to be 1 to 10 this one to
10 is so are did you see although
landing more shots yes you thought he
was pressuring what way more he felt he
was hitting him harder particularly
after the first round the first round
Maurice has one of the very best switch
kicks in the game and his left high
switch kick he fucks everybody up look
at that man walks at me well he got hit
with it
yeah like the first shot
Morais through was that fucking switch
kick man his left switch kick is a thing
of beauty it's so fast but it's also so
loose he throws it like a whip man it
surprises you it surprises me and I've
seen him do it to Jimmy Rivera
I've seen him do it too who else did he
do it - he's onto a bunch of guys just
comes out of nowhere yeah yeah the fuck
else he did he catch with that left
switch kick I can't
Algie mean sterling that's right he
caught him in this - dude the AL he
knocked out remain out cold
it's a bit we'll check this out see if I
watch this watch this shit
so Marv I switch kick is like if you
wanted to model yourself after switch
kick it would be his to the head and
Barboza's to the body they're very
different two very different switch
kicks yeah because his is like faster
it's weird man it's like he throws it
and you don't see it coming yeah I throw
it there what's it I want to see the
actual one that he landed on although
see that that was perfect right there
but go to the one that he did on all dos
he can find that the switch kicking
landed on although early in the first
round he does it so it's like a whip
it's so loose it seems like he just does
it effortlessly Barboza's though to the
body and to the legs
i've been stabbing catering for that
against paul it's so crazy
holy shit Barboza switch kick is so
crazy just go what this is their frames
missing from that video
horrifying it's like there's frames
missing yeah right yeah who had who had
yeah well the guy I think the 35 or the
guy who just fought our boy Urijah Faber
right great - 40 years old and I'm a
monster he's a monster
he's so strong - stacked division man
it's we he's strong man like not I mean
he's one of those dudes that looks
normal
yeah but I think he's way stronger than
he looks yeah there's guys that exist I
set yes and a chimp strength a lot of
them are Russian that's right Russian
there's something about some of those
Russian hands you grab them and you're
like hey yeah what are you yeah I'm
Russian by the way you can you can also
say most of the great wrestlers and
several from places like
Jean Dagestan the Turkmen people where
fighting is a way of life more as it's
okay watch watch how it does this watch
hallucis is oh man that's amazing yeah I
mean that's amazing yeah but it's very
sweet Oh see how whips yeah like I'm
telling you man he might be the best in
the world that left ice which the others
still had his hand up there I saw yeah
oh yeah yeah yeah I mean look all those
fun but he did rock him he being
definitely caught him yeah and I don't
care who the fuck you are that right
there is gonna hurt yeah yeah see it
didn't really block it just glanced off
the top of his head dude although it
looks amazing at 135 he looks amazing I
think he could be a world champion at
135 no bullshit I can't believe he can
suck there anyway and by the way some
933 he's gonna say and I've no problem
with him fighting for the title you know
why cuz for nine years he was
untouchable yeah nine years he's either
32 or 33 he is not old he's in the party
thirties in his athletic prime yeah dude
a lot of miles on him though oh yeah for
sure you see a lot of scar tissue on
them and you know yeah but still he's
got a zest for fighting
he fought really hard this past fight I
mean whether or not you'd agree with the
decision not it's it's a conversation
really I mean I'm not right I have my
own opinion I felt like Aldo did enough
to win and I felt like I think people
they I think there was a moment in the
first round where you could say more
eyes took control early landed some good
shots and then he did get the take town
later in the in the fight in the film
that's that that first rounds like a
tricky one first runs a tricky one like
I can see you giving that close fight it
doesn't matter yes I was fine with that
I want it all though because I love
although but you know I just don't by
the way their scoring things it just
doesn't make any sense to me I just I
just don't I don't know how you're gonna
get a ten nine and then another ten nine
is a totally different thing you could
have a 10-9 where a guy beats the shit
out of a guy and you can have a 10-9
where who knows who won the round you
could have a 10-9 where almost nothing
happens or you have a 10-9 that's crazy
right that doesn't make sense to me it
doesn't oxidize to weapons yeah two
extra two weapons no takedown what's
better a takedown or punches what's
better a jab or a body kick right
better what's better I don't know we're
gonna figure this out yeah you can't
just have guys lose decisions and those
decisions being made by people who
shouldn't even be in this conversation
well as far as like what's I worry less
valuable in terms of like technique I
would score it like this I think so if
you're a boxer
landing a jab is always easier than
landing a right hand against somebody
who's equally as good as you are
okay so landing a right hands at
motherfucker so for me I would always
count so so I think that you know a push
kick with your front foot is not the
same as a switch kick that blasts
somebody in their fucking head or their
ribs so I would count those kinds of I
don't know how you would how you would
categorize it but maybe like the
equivalent of what a right hand is which
is somebody trying to actually close the
deal knock you out versus set you up
with a jab
setting you up with a jab sending over
the front kick setting up those things
is different than blasting somebody with
a double leg blasting somebody with a
back foot roundhouse kick or wheel kick
exactly there's so many weapons yeah
there's so many on how you do that that
would you because that's a strike
regardless and sometimes that strike
doesn't you know it doesn't do anything
well you can yeah you can't have a guy
who's like super durable right and you
catch him with a couple of really good
shots but then he takes you down and
lands a couple good elbows who won the
exchange I don't know I mean maybe if
the end of the round is the guys on top
I have no evidence that you're gonna get
up you know you might get up eventually
but so far you're on the ground and he's
holding you down he's punching you that
means a lot
then again somebody can take your back
right in their control you're doing
great defense yeah but it means a lot
the guy took you back we got it we got
it mean we have to look at in terms of
like your your percentage of being
successful once you get to a position
increases right with the complexity the
position the control that you get in
that position so if you get a person in
half guard that is not as good as you
having someone's back with the body
triangle on and one arm around the neck
and one arm controlling the hand right
even if the guy is not tapped that guy
is in significant danger well wrestling
wrestling you get a point for an escape
you get a point you when you take
somebody down you get a point for that
but when you take their back that's two
points right that's fine that's good
but you're close to finishing his life
and you have his back yeah this point
shit I don't want to hear this
yeah then you get a guy's back you got a
body triangle and you got an arm around
the neck and you controlling the other
arm somehow or another you're really
close to taking his life yeah that's the
difference so will this point stuff it's
great like what's more important than
escape is when a guy has your fucking
back and he has an arm under your chin
and and you're just fighting hands yeah
you don't want to be there man and if he
has enough squeeze and enough energy to
just fuck like Demian Maia can make
people tap across their face he can he
gets you across your face and he cranks
your fucking neck he knows how to
manipulate necks so it's not just like
him squeezing and hoping that it works
he's gonna get his shoulder into it he's
gonna get all this torque and you know
he doesn't have to go into your neck
never see his fight with Rick story yeah
he's choking him and blood is squirting
out of stories nose as he's freezing his
neck I mean it's all that's Demian Maia
Yeah right you know who I turned with
now who's nice enough to teach me it's
he can Machado I love he I love bother
where's this school I'll give him a
shout-out it's somewhere right now it's
on it's on Wilshire eight one two six
Wilshire Boulevard Brett he just gave
Aston Kutcher a brown but I know he
Thurston could just basically do it he
must be legit I got jobs so riled up on
the podcast cuz I said to shop shop goes
it just bothered me that he ghen said
that Ashton could could beat Conor
McGregor in jujitsu and I went I knew
I'd get to him I went well he's 6 for
he's got very long arms and he goes he
would destroy Ashton Kutcher and I got
him so riled I was like I don't know bro
I just kept going I don't know he lost
his mind
it's like it's not impossible for
someone who's really dedicated to
jujitsu
to get to a point where they could tap
an MMA fighter because most elite MMA
fighters have many many skills and many
many different like things that they're
working on constantly if you're just
concentrating on jujitsu courses guys
yeah they're gonna be better at it just
like if you just go to box you know if
someone invites you
you know like Terence Crawford invites
someone to go to his camp and box like
in fact TJ Dillashaw said that about
lomachenko that he box with lomachenko
and I felt like he was just being kind
to him of course like he said he felt
like who's like once the guy opened up
he's like oh shit yeah yeah that's sport
no mokou is nice to have a divorce even
fuck him up yeah speaking of warming up
there's a great video of him warming up
and I watched I was like that's how a
pro does it lemme tell ya I'm switch
dance which dance one arm one arm one
everything is slow and methodical he's
not doing anything stupid he has like a
whole system that he does to warm his
body up before he starts moving really
fast and throwing punches
yes and he's 26 or whatever yeah here it
is right here but you watch this and he
goes yeah this is what you're supposed
to do when you're a fucking professional
I've had a chance to see it live once
with Manny Pacquiao really yeah Manny
Pacquiao was doing this thing at wild
card Boxing and I got to watch him train
a little bit and I got to watch him warm
up with these bands he has these little
little bands and he does his warm-up
things he warms everything up me his
body is a race car you know he's not
doing that dumb shit that you and I
would do just go in there to see what
how much just getting in there and going
yeah re and Burton and Tom we're in the
back fucking around my weights and none
of them could do 225 and so I went back
there's ours our crew drew 225 and I was
drunk I was like fuck yeah could do 225
so I did 225 for 12 how I stopped you
have no warmup 51 years old terrible
yeah it's pretty damn good I'm glad I
didn't hurt anything that's exactly I
could've easily gone pop of course
weights come down boom pin me to the
chest but you got competitive and then
my arm swells up with blood because it's
you ever see a guy when they blow their
bicep or their their chest their pack
out yes oh it's so nasty I feel like you
and I should do a dance competition and
Schobert and Tom but time Bert are both
athletic dudes they're actually both
athletic guys here's my prediction yeah
Tom can dance assassin yeah and legit
dance but can you ever see him swing a
golf club he's an athletic dude yeah
he's a big dude too
guys um here's my prediction yeah they
keep ramping it up really I don't think
we're done I think I think you're good
about to see some epic shit really I
think they're gonna keep ramping it up
yeah I feel like I want in I mean I know
that I I know I'm being derivative and
I'm copying but I want to I want to
fucking dance you know why don't you
have your own I think they both already
have scripts written for their retorts
and I don't know who's gonna go first
well it's gotta be birds birds got to be
next because Tom just murdered them you
can't you can't double down like this
shit was ruthless
I mean come on man this shit was
ruthless and what happened you spill
over yourself spilling you hug fuck this
is this video you've seen this video
right come on oh it's the best bro it's
amazing but here's this amazing cell
layer it's actually good I know like
this part like watch this I mean come on
look at him moving around
dude he danced great I know and that's
why he was offended by Bert's he's like
this dudes pretending knows how to dance
just cuz it takes his pants off I'll
show you
you got more mad when people gave him
credit for it - they're like oh look a
bird dancing mmm he did get mad yeah I
didn't understand that I was a little
confused I felt like he was laying back
like if we're gonna do a hip hop dance
contest you know I mean like he's the
guy at the bar that pretends you can't
play pool I mean I played a couple of
times oh by the way selling those
machine shirts machine you go buy those
at your mom's house calm I'm gonna
bother I said I said that I say to Rogen
I put them on right this idea was before
they were doing the dance thing I
remember I said to I go I had sob Eddie
you and me and I said let's do a fucking
dance-off and then and then and then
Brogan comes back with a if we do a
dance-off you're gonna want to win and I
don't know if I had the time to dedicate
to that shit I was like you got serious
right away you get competitive I'm a
moron yeah I knew what you would do
whatever you had to do to win I have
kept my most ridiculous moron tendencies
at bay yes for most of my adult life but
when we did sober October last year and
I was making the fire alarm go off from
my sweat
like I was telling them I'm like you're
gonna die I'm like if you're gonna show
you I'm willing to do you're gonna die
you don't understand I work out 8-10
hours a day you'll kill yourself we're
gonna die it was like I know when you're
a young man you said to me like I I
think I might fight was the snipes
and and you were I was cuz you looked
you were like pulsing you look like a
fucking the top like one of those guys
who gets caught in nuclear waste your
veins and everything are just like and
you were breathing like chocolate down I
go hey what's up it's not really much
I'm just training I'm training all the
time I was training all the time I was
training twice a day it was really hard
but I thought it was really gonna happen
like we had Moses and athlete he owed a
lot of money to the IRS that's what it
was he he got in a real bad situation
apparently where someone was advising
him that he didn't have to pay taxes you
know what man oh man you ever checked
the Constitution you're you're your own
here your own Island your own country
that horseshit shit doesn't work my
friend did that my friend did that this
is what he did he he said he declared
himself a sovereign state and then he
had decided he was going to run illegal
substances cross state lines he gets
caught and he goes I'm my own sovereign
state I can do whatever I want the cop
goes that's awesome you're going to jail
now they put him in court he had a whole
defense he I'm a sovereign state I
refuse to give you my name they were
like the judge was like very cool you're
going to jail now for eight months we'll
see you later Ken Ken and I had a record
okay I have that work out for you not
well at all some people read the
Constitution these somehow or another
decided they're experts yeah but what is
it what is it going there's a lot of
that going on these days where people
like have this idea that fuck all these
legal scholars yeah like I see the
loophole yeah and I'm gonna point this
out in front of the judge and it will be
undeniable like rub pay your taxes right
who's gonna who's gonna fix the streets
because they listen to they listen to
but usually people just want to be part
of a larger thing right so actually most
people are saying what was given to them
and it feels good emotionally
and one of the things as you get older
that's really important to do is to
always be willing not only to change
your mind and admit that you probably
you could be hopelessly wrong and it
could be completely wrong but also to
always be able to justify with reason
and with measured argument your most
cherished beliefs okay because so much
of who we are is what we believe right
so much of who we are is just where I
stand politically whereas all those
things that I've worked hard to kind of
come up with a comprehensive political
and philosophical you know mooring to
stand on well if if I am if I if I then
relax and I I listen and accept what's
given to me without you know putting it
through the grinder and really sitting
down and testing it then I'm I'm guilty
of being philosophically complacent and
you know and basically it's just your
slave to your ego right you just don't
want to admit you're wrong about things
yes but I think you can't be married to
ideas know who you are as how you go
through this life yes and it's how you
go through this life now this is what's
very important for people you know I try
to talk about this as much as possible
you can't get you can't get stuck in
your past because like mistakes that you
made when you were a child can haunt you
deep into adulthood yes because you
decide that you're the person who got
bullied after seventh grade and you're a
loser and everybody hates you and those
feelings you can cling on to those
fuckers and they'll weigh you down you
can cling onto them and you can take
them into your later life and I know
people that are like man they're in
their 60s there was this this maybe you
told me this but did you tell me the
story about this dude who's like an
older guy that was afraid to walk down a
certain Road because this other older
guy who used to bully him in high school
lived there no he didn't tell me this
somebody told me this and this guy was
in his 60s
and he was scared to go down this road
because this guy lived there who used to
bully him in high school and the guys
still fucked with them still fucked with
them
bro there's some people that get stuck
like that you have to get close also
those guys that's why I think for a lot
of guys you know walking into an MMA gym
it's terrifying but it's ok everything
start with you know one tiny step and I
like I like doing anything that makes me
feel uncomfortable and and takes me off
my pins and huge because I it opens up
new pathways of understanding somehow or
it certainly forces me to so what I do
now with people who I disagree with
philosophically you know like say I'm
talking to somebody who's a hardcore
socialist or something like that
it's okay but what I what I try to do is
I just try to listen to them really but
I try to kind of zero in instead of like
immediately throwing my hands up did you
see what Britney Cummings said the other
day Britney Cummings Whitney Whitney
coming no did I say Britney did I I
think I was slobbering it's okay too
much of that chimeric got american
coffee does people say why you coughing
so much I don't want to tell the truth
it's to merit coffee um shit what was I
just saying
you said Whitney Cummings oh she got
reported to HR on a show she was on cuz
as she was leaving she said Merry
Christmas some intern no yes
intern was offended it's called human
resources because she said Merry
Christmas and her response was hey I
really don't give a fuck if you have a
good Christmas it's just a nice thing to
say
yeah I gotta give a fuck about your
Christmas I don't even know you like
something that's reported or that that's
something that's very fucking important
for people to realize about the West
something that's really unique about the
West and Western civilization is that
imperialism racism sexism all these isms
that we are guilty of well the West
didn't invent these things but we did
you know we were egregious violators in
some cases of that you know slavery was
a real thing in this country but what's
what's unique about the West and I'm
getting this thing is that we were the
first to label it and condemn it and the
West has always been a country that
seems always to be in the process of
for its past fencing for instance that
is not common that is unique to and
self-criticism is part of it as a
society we are so people like that silly
girl who that's been going on actually
in one way or another for a long time
now it's the intern yes now it's way
more I don't know if it's a girl or a
boy no no it's a little bit more it's
it's way more but but that's actually to
the character of this country we have
always had people who kind of went mad
you know that's wrong I don't want to do
that the this is this isn't fair all
that kind of stuff and it was a fucking
it would always cause all kinds of
problems but that's extreme that's a
silly goose whoever's doing that is well
it's Hollywood there's a Hollywood thing
where these people can't be liberal
enough they're trying so hard to be
progressive that they just become a
ridiculous yeah they get so reactionary
and everyone's scared that they're gonna
be out of the woke loop like maybe
they're behind they're letting something
slide they should have stepped up for
because now you can get in trouble if
you don't come out against someone
saying Merry Christmas like hey man you
know where were you when that fucking
pig said Merry Christmas do you know
what Christmas means yeah like do they
want to take away the word supremacy and
quantum supremacy which is quantum
computing it's next level next step
computing and yeah there was an article
about Google achieving quantum supremacy
and they were like well we don't like
the term supremacy because it reminds
people of white supremacy do you know
what I think about those people do you
know anything about a lot of people
they're already there they're not
they're young they're not experienced
and they're not that bright well this is
the thing is they are bright they just
aren't wise they're very smart and they
know they are which is one of the
reasons why they want to make an
argument to push something like that
through and think that it makes sense
it's because they're so smart but what
they're not is is you get seasoned by
your interactions with human beings
you're naive when you're younger and
then as you get older you get seasoned
in mind changes but you also get
seasoned meaning you experience so many
different human beings that exhibit
sort of stereotypes and these like
patterns of behavior and you got to know
when people are being knuckleheads and
you've got to know when people are being
wise and objective and you got to know
when people are being kind and loving
and you got to know when people are
being assholes so you can see all the
different things as you get older you
get more data you know and a lot of
these kids are like 20 22 and they're
yelling about the world like that Greta
Thornburg check the heat breaking ever
she's sixteen he's a kid listen you've
got some good points but this they're
using you well what happens is as you
get older and you try to solve problems
at the level of detail so if you and I
had to really solve some problems let's
say health care and if you and I'm
sitting here I'm not solvent she if we
had to try right what would happen is we
might come with more of a Republican or
Democratic or a liberal or conservative
sensibility initially I think once you
get down to the level of detail and
you're trying to solve these problems
already that ideology kind of goes out
the window because now you're dealing
with hard numbers and math and you're
trying to deal in percentages and you're
trying to deal with what's the best
policy for the most number of people and
so it becomes way way grayer and way
less teeny if you are somebody that has
to solve problems if you are somebody
who has to turn a profit if you're
somebody who has to figure out what your
what your clientele actually will buy
and I think sometimes that's why people
who own businesses and and people have
to make the trains run on time have a
different philosophical and political
point of view then do people who
essentially spend a lot of time reading
thinking and writing in an academic
institution right because you don't need
to get down to the level of detail you
can stay in that wonderful world of
theory and that's an important world
it's not to say that you shouldn't have
that but a lot of journalists come from
that world they come straight from that
world of theory that world of that
intellectual pursuit and and they come
right into then they see the world and I
think that might be why a lot of times
people in the media tend to be a little
bit more
ideological maybe a little bit more
liberal depending cuz you could say Fox
News is just as fuckin ideological on
the other side but I do think your your
perspective changes when you have to get
down to when you're in the real world
yes yeah no it's like both though yeah
right and this is what what I think we
need to make this distinction like you
need these quantum theorists you need
these historians you need these people
that are just completely yeah engaged in
whatever the subject is yeah and you
know and they're just lifelong academics
and this is what yeah but what the real
problem is when people come out of these
universities and they have these sort of
hard blind ideas of how the world needs
to change they're revolutionaries yeah
yeah and they there's it's very exciting
yeah it's very exciting so they want to
burn down the whole bill and that's what
you start looking for witches okay and
then you start going that bitch said
Merry Christmas yeah and that's what
that is yeah that's what's nuts Google's
calling it quantum supremacy can you
fucking believe this shit yeah we gotta
break it down down there yeah it's a lot
of it is being young but young people
can do some when they get together and
then the Communist revolution was you
know this is also what discourse is so
important right like young people need
to talk to other people you know I like
a lot of these people with these ideas
are one day gonna laugh at those ideas
they're one gonna look back oh my god
when I was twenty I was so stupid just
like you have done just like I have done
just like basically everybody does is
they get older you start thinking oh my
god when I was 18 what a fucking moron I
was oh my god when I was 24 you only
have a stupid shit I thought I should do
I mean that's part of life you also have
to realize that is historically that
thing I sent you but there's a people
ask me what I read and stuff if you go
to audible.com and go to the great
courses I listen to these courses I just
listen to 48 lectures by a guy named
Robert Buchholz who is this fucking
amazing professor on the foundations of
Western civilization one of the things
he says in it is he said Europeans I
mean the history of Europe I mean
culminating with World War one and World
War two as bloody and as violent it's
beyond what we can imagine how many how
many millions were killed in World War
two it's it's beyond what we can imagine
but Europeans figured out and it's a
huge accomplishment and
first time in history for anybody they
figured out how to solve their
differences without killing each other
and that happened after World War two
and it took that long they actually
figured out a way to solve their
differences by disagreeing by fighting
about it by fighting dirty but by
electing their by by winning election
here's a question the war in Europe all
the countries involved yeah what was the
what was the size of the landscape we're
looking at and can in like relationship
the United States when you look at
France Germany and England like what is
that well it wasn't just Germany
oh yeah sure Russia I think it's five
time zones right Russia's giant rich
Russia is a different animal right
because Russia is you know that's Asia
yeah and Russia Russia would just rely
on old general winter but the European
aspect of it the European part of World
War one and to how much what I was
thinking is like it's almost like having
a war inside America right yeah I mean
it's really close I think I think if you
look at if you if you take France Spain
Italy you know Germany Poland all those
areas if in Rhode Island Hungary Austria
yeah all those you know Bulgaria Romania
Yugoslavia and Florida was tough doesn't
floor how big is that area that's not a
Google thing they're like World War one
map forty maps that explain World War
one so it was a different thing that's
how you're talking about right now the
whole world yeah - is everything right
World War one the Ottoman Empire was
crumbling right so Turkey's Empire was
crumbling so Turkey got the Middle East
involved the British weren't were you
know we're involved in Middle East they
were fighting the Turks that that whole
area became theater for Sudama I'm on my
third wild west book in the last couple
weeks really yeah yeah about the history
the bar wasn't me tell you this one it's
a blood and thunder yeah blood and
thunder an epic tale of the American
West
it's about Kit Carson and the mountain
yeah bro rough dudes bro and just the
the the wars with all the various tribes
and the chaos and the way they would
kill people oh my god it's so crazy the
Native Americans oh yeah one of these
stories that I was reading I don't think
it was this one it was wasn't a Kit
Carson one it was the the one on General
Custer General Custer was the last one
which was son of the morning star that
was the last one when I was reading
burro is one the one guy one Native
American guy wants to fuck this other
guy's wife so he he tries to get him he
can't get him eventually finds him one
day kills him eats his heart cooks his
heart comes back and tells everybody
then marries the lady well you got to
eat a man's heart because you impose his
will on imagine you're married you're a
woman you're married to a guy and this
other dude who wants to fuck you he
kills your husband and eats his heart
and then you say getting this teepee big
boy that's that's pretty fucking
gangster that's pretty fuckin because
the guy loved you and I'm gonna eat his
heart I'm gonna eat his love for you he
cut out he cut two fingers off of his
hand because he couldn't get to her and
he loved her so much
damn he was angry that he couldn't kill
any winner over well he must have won
her over he cut two fingers off his hand
before he got to her damn and then found
the guy after he cut two fingers off his
huh yeah killed the guy yeah ate his
fucking heart served it came back told
everybody liked ate most of the heart
yeah that's a stalker that's it that's
it that's a whole stage five stalkers
know or is that go past it's yeah yeah
made his heart ate his heart remember
like when we used to have those
terrorism colors like today's yellow no
worries yeah remember was a flag yeah
that's it that's it this is it my
defense of Europe this was from 1917 and
paper in London made this this was
explaining the battle area battle zones
so all of it fit in the center of the
country right and they compared it even
yeah goddamn dude just imagine if that
shit was going on in the center of the
country if Montana was at war with
Wyoming and Colorado it was all it's all
trench warfare to see
is really interesting because there are
some parallels now world war 1 if you
look at World War 1 it was a time when
first of all the world hadn't been
Europe hadn't been the war for a hundred
years
and so when people went in the war in
World War one they were I mean they went
in every young man volunteered and even
women volunteered to be nurses and to
cook so it was this increasing in songs
never gonna be gone for two weeks and it
was gonna be really exciting and it was
romantic and and no one including the
soldiers really understood the
technology like machine guns and and
that kind of technology and mustard gas
and they didn't know they were still
fighting the way they had been fighting
for millennia which was on horseback
feathers in their helmets and charging
with great bravery and so what happened
was they would charge and the other side
would open up with machine guns and and
artillery and then ultimately poison gas
and so the numbers are too staggering to
even imagine but like for 800 yards to
you know to try to capture that much
land or whatever they would lose they
lost something like 300,000 men and a
day and that's what was going on they
were just getting mowed down that many
oh dude the numbers are crazy the Battle
of the Somme my camera what it was it it
was beyond like the number of men that
were lost per foot I remember I had to
ask three times because I couldn't
believe it and because they were just so
you're you're arrogant commanders would
blow a whistle sometimes they would kick
a soccer ball and you would follow the
soccer ball over the ditch and run as
they were shooting it uh-huh
and you'd and if you didn't you'd be
tried for cowardice sometimes you'd be
shot by your commanding officer in the
back your head because remember a lot of
these armies were conscripted they were
brought in against their will from you
know this was the time of imperialism
when the country that was bigger and
stronger the austro-hungarian Empire
Austria so would come in and say you
belong to us now there were these secret
alliances that would happen and so that
battle was so insane and they
it was just it was a true meat grinder
it was a true meat grinder and then
you'd have no man's land right so you'd
have no man's land and that was the area
where they would they would come in they
you know they had to cross to kill and
Men you'd hear them dying and groaning
but nobody could get to them it was the
fucking it was the worst man it was the
worst and in those trenches the body
parts and everything and then people
would have to go to bathroom there and
then the rain would come you were living
in a gutter it was beyond what people
can imagine it was beyond it was the
most horrific thing and the only thing
that was worse was something called
World War two which is essentially a
continuation of that first European
civil war and and I don't know man it's
it's beyond what we can we're so far
less than this time like that yes sir
less than a hundred years or so inside
of one person's lifetime yeah the 1945
sorry
Ahri's dad is a Holocaust survivor yeah
yeah Ari Shaffir is dead yeah there's a
fucking Holocaust survivor you know I
mean that's how close it is and that all
came from this idea back then that you
could perfect society and perfect human
beings yes six inch howitzer yeah human
bones you know where this is where the
idea of where ideas can be so dangerous
this idea that human beings are a blank
slate and they'll that you can make them
anything you want you can re-educate
them in a camp and they'll be what you
want this is the history of of Europe
and and those ideas lost ground that's
why the individual it's so fucking
important for the individual to take
precedence over the state this is also
why it's so important for people to be
able to express themselves that's what I
mean for people to you know but fidelity
to the state and a fascist Society in
Gunness was fidelity to the state the
collective must be superior to the
individual the individual you're a tiny
leaf on a tree if you have a society
like that
somebody's gonna run that somebody's
gonna set that doctrine and they and
they will justify killing twenty thirty
million all the ways I say if they're
doing it for the country sure yeah you
know there's so many patterns like that
that just repeat themselves over and
over again with human beings and power
you know Hitler by many accounts seem to
genuinely enjoy World War one he enjoyed
it and then he got blinded by mustard
gas and he couldn't believe Germany
surrendered he couldn't believe it and a
German physician there's one record of
the German physician saying
characterizing Hitler as follows again
this is from Buckholtz lectures it said
because this person is not fit to
command humans and is a and is
dangerously psychotic and because of a
lot of crazy reasons he was able to
start the join the Nazi he's worked and
he actually started as a minder for the
German army
what's the mind oh so a guy who spied on
subversive groups oh look a rat yeah
revolutionary groups that's how he came
across the nationalist socialist pardon
our National Socialist Party yeah then
nuts you know the Nazis and but kind of
went you know what I like these guys
yeah joy yes I want fucking war so
that's like if you had an undercover FBI
agent he became one of the Hells Angels
took over the organization because
that's he took over right but World War
two like like that but the crazy thing
about right before World War two Todd
everything like today so you ever notice
how today we can't agree on really even
source material if you have an argument
something where'd you get your
information CNN what or right box news
you fucking you and if the conversation
that he came and start right because we
don't have now we're talking about a
simulation maybe this whole thing maybe
we you and I are just self-replicating
machines you know what so nobody really
knows at this point it's really hard to
arrive at a fixed point of truth right
back in the day the Bible was your fixed
point of truth maybe Aristotle but at
the turn of the century like right
before World War one man like you had
Darwin comes along you had your the he'd
come on but you had Freud who said
something to the effect of hey were
animals and we're basically we will kill
and use
as sexual tools if we don't have a
strong Society and there were all these
like there were all these sort of new
nietzsche marks who said god is dead
Arad Nietzsche said god is dead but Marx
basically said religion is the opiate of
the masses
human beings are the masters of their
own fate and all of these guys who
basically took God out of the equation
and all of them were basically saying
that we are animals and God isn't it God
is no longer here we're animals and if
you don't create a society control our
animalistic impulses we're gonna fuck
and slaughter and rape each other and
World War one proved all of those guys
right basically but it was a time when
they're worse everything was up in the
air
Einstein comes along and says time and
space hmm not so fast it's actually
relative why huh
because yeah time doesn't exist like a
stop works God didn't start a stop
watching that's what Newton said but
actually if good luck trying to work
your way through that
you can't the one way if you though if
you go fast enough into space and then
come back everybody here will be old and
you'll be the same age did you know how
that works yeah I do but it's still like
what it's really weird
do you know III think this is true this
is what I read he was walking he was
like in where was he surance with Solano
motherfucker this he's gets off that
he's trying to come up with he's he's
thinking about the theory of relativity
or whatever and he gets off the train
and he's walking away from the train
station he turns and looks at the clock
and the clock says let's say 6 o'clock
it turns miss Clarkson he turns back
around and he stops and he goes wait
hold on I was walking away from the
clock so when I saw the clock it said 6
but that's how long it took the light to
get to my eye by the time the light hit
my eye was actually later because the
light has to hit my eye for me Jim Stan
by a fraction it was ya later so he said
what about was moving at the speed of
light time would stand still
tunk tunk cuz the light would never hit
my eye it's a weird thing to say but I
was like that's a fuckin yeah but I
wonder if that works with biological
aging they wonder biological aging is on
constant right oh that's interesting
entropy right well I know that like time
would be different right but I wonder
like when you say time standstill but
it's gotta exist if you're alive
it's got exist somehow biologically your
body's not gonna stop heart beating and
breathing right so how many heartbeats
do you have in you I mean that's part of
what life is life is like you got a
limited number of heartbeats if you
wanted to really break it down like how
many of them you're gonna use where
you're going through Lightspeed those
don't count I know you're gonna beat
your heart's gonna beat right right so
how long is it actually gonna take in
real time down on earth while you're up
there cuz it now I think it's gonna be
like where you're moving so fast that it
feels like ten minutes because it is ten
minutes to you and then you come back
you've only aged ten minutes but it
might be ten years down here well didn't
you have somebody on your podcast me was
they were talking about how you don't
what what ages you the reason we look
older than we did 25 years ago is
because of entropy so things mix things
mix and you can't unmix them just listen
to this book about time and these
concepts just came up swear that you're
talking about after the whole book I was
more confused about time the order of
time but by the way that's a great name
Carlo Rovelli
it's like if you uh if you were a Czech
and your friend was gonna introduce you
to a guy and this name was Carlo Rovelli
yeah he's a New York Times selling
author bestseller
he plays jazz at night okay he goes
Valley
yeah he'll smoke one clove cigarette a
month okay according to this book sighs
I cook different like up higher than it
does lower for instance if you had to
synchronize clocks even on the top of
this table in the ground they would not
be synced up over at about times why why
because because this is what Carlo
Rovelli
moves slower at sea level so if you live
at sea level you will live longer than
people that live higher okay that's
because Jenny's much I want to be
fucking Italian so bad they dude where's
your you have a lot of Italian in you
like what percentage do you have in you
yes I'm 51% 51 but I want to speak this
way you know I
be romantica this is something about
being born like in a country that has
like a long rich tradition I know you
know if you're born somewhere like if
you're born in Spain you know your
grandfather was a bullfighter you're
born in yeah I love a flair for the
dramatic as you know halona about Helena
I was in I know I was a young man I was
like 19 I was at fucking Club Med with
my family and he just the girls and
everything there was odd a shit like
CrossFit she wasn't doing cross her but
she looked like it she wasn't such an
athlete I've always liked muscular you
know and I'm looking at him this guy who
saw me that I am her he was and I
remember forgotten just cause he goes oh
she's beautiful and you know I wanna be
you man I want to say that once in my
fucking life I never watch like that
show Vikings
you ever see that show vows it's a fun
show it's actually a very good show
under very underrated show yeah a lot of
people get fucked up and killed but one
of the things that I was thinking a lot
of it happens in Rome a lot of it
happens in Europe is a lot of crazy shit
with the Vikings but while I was
watching I was thinking those people had
kids and their people had kids and there
be blood kids and their people had kids
and their their kids have iPhones like
it's not ago yeah those people that live
in that part of the world those people
that live in Ireland those people that
live in in Great Britain and a lot of
that area like a lot of the folks who
lived there are the ancestors of these
people that lived this insane history
right insane history of warfare with
swords and shields and shit and these
motherfuckers yeah that's the movie or
that's the show runs a good show man hey
whatever happened to one of my favorite
UFC fighters who's a Valhalla Viking
motherfucker the guy he's from Sweden
shredded out of his mind
which guy meet Emil meek he fought at
170 yeah
the Sameach he's a beast he's art he's a
rock and rollers they say Mecca say it's
a guitar - I think pronounce his name
Mac you get more shredded you mat it
he's a he's a fucking gorilla and he's
super strong - yeah a good fighter I
don't know what's going on with him I
haven't
lassic classic viking he was at the
event last weekend so what is one was
his last fight when did he have a fight
yeah it's been him well you know
sometimes these dudes they'll hurt
something yeah you know they're out for
like Cub Swanson just tore his ACL I
know and yeah he's gonna be out for
almost a year
he'll to fight in February oh yes okay
who's he fighting Matthews oh that's
good fine hmm um yeah cub was in a
grappling match against Jake Shields
who's a fucking huge guy he's quite a
bit bigger than yeah just huge and jake
has SiC grappler and Jake had his legs
laced up and cub was trying to work his
way out of it and just a freak thing it
just popped and his nina's meniscus is
ACL blew out and he just got surgery on
it
Jake used me as a dummy once I would say
I rolled with him and I'd he used me as
a dummy mm-hmm I said why did you beat
me up so bad he didn't know me because I
didn't know if you're good I'm watching
a position that you talked about on your
podcast I was like hey doctor and hurt
yeah no he just he had to make sure that
I was one with the mat though Oh make
sure that I was getting the mat get your
let's get let's go get your fucking face
against here let me go well I gotta
clean the mat a little dirty so let me
just you know well he's a competitor
professionally you know he doesn't have
no time to be fake rolling with people
no don't ever girl he has like these
he's a pro I had no business being on
the mat with him he's still doing like
really competitive grappling too like
he's he's hung with him he's really
smart he's a very good guy but he's also
intellectually curious like Jake does a
lot of reading like I have very good
conversations with Jake really smart guy
super good grab well he submitted Mark
Munoz at that event too yeah Jake's
legit and I've seen him in grappling
competitions like long before he ever
fought in the UFC I feel like we hundred
and eighteen pounds in his last has been
missing any meal
mark looks big yeah I don't know how
make sure he definitely is not in sorry
Marcus I'm sorry mark if somebody was
choking maybe you're not that yeah
that's cub CC's they're laced up like
this and as he's moving there his knee
just copped
good that's all it can happen man in
weird ways when you have legs tangled up
like that just sometimes someone will
just lean one way and it puts a lot of
pressure on your knee and it just
explodes it might be the toughest being
in on the planet he's not a vegan he's
not staring eyes eggs I enjoyed your I
enjoyed that game-changers with Chris
crecer and it's there's a little bit
like listening to a Protestant and a
Catholic argue over the minutiae of how
to worship God like they both believe in
God like or like a Sunni and a Shia
it was it was very interesting in that
sense like how human beings get steeped
in in too much information and then
we'll start parsing out stuff that's not
that helpful - well it's a long
conversation the conversation about
health is very long and unfortunately
when Chris was talking about the game
changers he got several things wrong
particularly the big ones were the
amount of protein that you can get in
peanut butter the amount of protein
that's in bread and whether or not that
is equal to three ounces of ground meat
right and what Wilkes are showing is
that it is and he made his point very
well and that made Chris his argument
not look very good right and then there
was the other problem whereas Chris
Crestor sort of personally defined what
he defines as low car versus medium car
versus high carb and wasn't making a
distinction that this is not the
consensus amongst nutritionists what
they consider low carb medium car
partner James accused him of that Chris
denied it and then James pulled out all
of these different articles that show
that he has a different version of what
he calls the low carb medium carb or
high carb the problem with all this is
he's just making Chris look bad and he's
not necessarily proving that a
vegetarian or vegan diet is better for
you but he is rightly pointing out that
he was wrongly criticized yes so I guess
I was very impressed I was very
impressed
James ability to come prepared here I do
believe he spent 3000 hours I'm in an
hour a thousand hours I believe that
yeah I believe that now he knows him
after talking to him about this in the
way he handled it how but I kept going
back to what Chris was saying which was
hey hey
I believe in plants I eat mostly plants
a little animal products that some
animal products is gonna it's gonna get
is this an easier way to get p1 yeah
that's the problems not gonna kill you
that's the problem with doing a
documentary and then that's a problem
with someone criticizing the documentary
you know it's like but but the
documentary he's got enough stuff that
he can say you were inaccurate with with
the criticism so that then we get lost
in the argument like is meat bad for you
is it like that's the main it's not
that's the best era me but the way
they're conflating it with people who
were advertising for cigarettes and
doctors advertising for cigarettes back
in the day and saying that cigarettes
are fine these are the same people that
are doing this like no the problem is
everyone was aware for a long time that
cigarettes are not healthy right this is
not the case with me no these studies
that were you connect people with all
these diseases with meat they connect
their diet as a whole they could be
eating cheeseburgers and bread like soda
and lifestyle and drinking and smoking
but they also eat meat versus people who
don't eat meat well if someone is going
to be conscientious and think about even
if they're incorrect and they just
assume that the science says the eating
meat is bad for you you start eating
more fish or more chicken or more
vegetables you clean up your diet
I bet just statistically those people
have less drinking and statistically
they have less it's cigarette smoking
they're probably healthier on the whole
because they're making choices that even
if it's incorrect they think are good
for you like not eating meat or as much
meat but as a non nutritionist there's
no shit
yeah when I watched game-changers I have
to say that it did seem like the
narrative the story of the movie was
that being a vegan is better for you for
all these reasons all these scientific
reasons then eating any meat that's
that's what I me it was a vegan film the
honeymoons would probably disagree with
that for me just as a viewer the
argument was being made that being a
vegan that from what I from just what I
got right the retros
what was meant I got that being a vegans
better for you it keeps your dick hard
you won't die of cancer and you'll have
less inflammation more endure those
things are more endurance all of which
seemed you know I talked to Lane Norton
about this for a while and he had
written this thing I don't think he had
a video you could watch his video game
changes debunked we broke down basically
every single claim that they made that
was incorrect
okay scientifically as a PhD scientist I
mean he absolutely understands the the
the what's really going on when it comes
to nutritional science and I would just
said at the end of the day this is a
debate about can you eat some meat in
there but here's the problem because of
cursors criticism of the film he was in
every right he had every right to defend
I respect criticism respect and he did
it right yeah the problem was we didn't
get any closer at the end there was
there was some confusion that was about
whether or not it is healthy or not
healthy to eat meat he was citing some
studies and Kresser was saying those
studies aren't valid because of this and
that and that's where we would have been
if we had a guy like Blaine Norton in
here would have helped a lot we could
have someone actually explain but you
could also have a guy who comes in and
goes hey guys here's the thing man let's
just look at cultures that live a long
time and have vibrant you know lives and
good lives some of it is like I'd like
to look at the Blue Zones who eat meat
and they have stayed a lot of times they
eat some form of dairy and they drink
they have good communities they don't
retire there's a lot more to longevity
and health and living a good life than
being a purist for sure whether or not
it's in this direction or that direction
I think it's all in like though it's the
result of a real conversation that we
really need to have because
overpopulation is real so the
conversation is really ultimately what
is sustainable you know and it's not
what is sustainable right now for your
lifespan it's like what is sustainable
for the future and should we engineer
for a better tomorrow because it already
are though we sort of are we're not
though people are acting as individuals
there's not really a whole lot of
engineering in terms of slowing down the
rate of childbirth or trying to prevent
people from having too many kids trying
to
and overpopulation whatever but there
are a lot of cultures I mean a lot of
countries and societies are at zero
populations something yes but the thing
the thing is there's plenty of people
that live below the poverty line in
terms of like what our perception the
poverty line is and what you're seeing
in a lot of these more industrialized
nations is as people start developing
careers and men and women get careers
you have less childbirth like you've
seen that in Japan Japan has apparently
an issue with a lack of childbirth not
as many as they should it's not
sustainable
they worry about that with some
countries and Herman's heard that about
the United States that one day it's
gonna what even out and then everyone
will have careers and then we'll have
less children and then it's a statistic
that China is having trouble we're
having enough they have more elderly so
they're having trouble yet is this crazy
but China has is having trouble getting
enough people to handle their economy
and skilled workers which was shocking
to me yeah but there's so many people
right yeah so they're importing labor
which is like what because they were
kept at one child per family in China
can do that I didn't I went to Beijing
and I had to do a retinal scan and they
were very specific about they give you a
phone and they were like no no shooting
a movie they give you a phone you have
their firewalls you can't just surf the
web and they very they very clearly have
signs that say any criticism of the
government and when you're an actor they
say this will not be tolerated you will
be and then you talk to people that live
there and they'll date they say say
things like dude you disappear that you
can just disappear on the street if
you're us if you're a you know so I
don't know man what I fuck man I've got
billion of them yeah I got problems with
that a billion of them and they're being
controlled by his crazy oppressive
government always been ain't nothing but
your regular I know but it's weird to
see that in 2019 right it's weird to see
that online become more authority yeah
in some ways well it's I guess their
grip is looser so they're clawing more
you know they're trying to squeeze
harder if you you think about all of
human history this is the way that
empires were run but they weren't run
with technology and the
run while the people had access to
technology so the fact they're clamping
down on web searches and well you know
what sites you can visit and you know
there's a lot of companies that felt
like they had to do business with them
too like I was talking this lady who
worked at Google and she was saying look
they're going to copy Google or we work
with them yeah so like this idea of like
you shouldn't work with them because
they're gonna censor the people I get
listen they're censoring ya no matter
what but if we don't go over there
there's gonna copy our shit it's a
massive market
well the copying thing the intellectual
property thing they don't give up that's
true espionage is huge it's crazy yeah
Wow the Huawei thing that fucking head
of Huawei his daughter is being held
captive in Vancouver do you know about
that
yeah but Google that the head of Huawei
Huawei has been accused of some crazy
backdoor shit they put into routers and
they're really worried about their
technology getting into this country in
the United States has stopped the
production of their cell phones in the
United States like you have to buy them
from somewhere else and bring them in
sort of you know what's it called what's
it called when a it's not connected to
someone who's buy a cell phone it's not
connected to somebody you know in the
continent now it's on tether it's like
that though whatever I'll remember it
but you could buy one of those on like
Amazon or one of those tech websites but
you can't get it at Verizon you can't
get at AT&T they blocked all that and
they're like terrified that this company
that has become their number two now
they're right behind Apple like apples
number one is Apple no Samsung Samsung
is number one they're number two and
apples number three so they've passed
Apple in cell phone production China's
always had I think I had a humility they
were humiliated in their past you know
by the British by a lot of different you
know by the Japanese who are behaved
atrociously but you know that you know
the opium wars were where where the
British were traders were bringing in
opium from India to China and China
developed a major opium problem so the
Emperor and the government said this is
a major problem guess what
Britain you can't sell your opium on our
docks you're unloading huge boxes of
fucking opium
from India and I know you're making a
lot of money but no because we have a
major addiction problem and Britain said
you're interfering with free trade and
we should be allowed to and China said
you're not allowed to and so they went
to war and Britain won that war and
forced China's to continue buying opium
what was this called the opium wars and
pull up that of 19 and that's why Hong
Kong became well that's why the British
took Hong Kong and leased it for a
hundred years look at this under house
arrest in Vancouver Huawei CFO lives in
luxury and spends her days out shopping
[Laughter]
where GPS so take that in life you make
her wear a GPS monitor she it's she has
to stick to 11:00 p.m. curfew so by the
way she's tired by 11:00 anyway so her
dad owns Huawei is that what it is yeah
she's well she's the CFO also so I don't
know
bring her up she queue doesn't her dad
on Huawei it's not what it is
it didn't say that let's just say she
might be a daughter of billionaire
founders so she can okay
why is she under house arrest though
because they think Huawei is doing a
bunch of really shifty things well they
are the u.s. wants to extradite her on
the grounds that she tricked banks into
potentially violating Iran sanctions has
sparked an unprecedented diplomatic row
yeah now they don't give a thoughts
they're doing business on everybody
that's showing up with a briefcase full
of cash and nuclear weapons fuck you and
this is what the United States
government is worried about like these
people becoming the number one
technology provider in the world like if
they provided all the cell phones that
everyone in America uses like what if
like they were close if they came out
okay and they got onto the Verizon
network or the AT&T network with some of
these phones these phones when you look
at the the tech people the tech be like
the the people like like unbox therapy
and mkbhd those guys who developed these
of YouTube videos breaking down the
components of cell phones they're always
super favorable about these Huawei
phones they have crazy cameras some of
them have this fucking insane ability to
zoom in really yeah they use compute
learning and they have that they had
within the iPhone the new iPhone is
pretty fucking good yeah but when the
wha the latest huawei mate pro whatever
the fuck it was one of them one of them
their most high-end phone there's a
video of them doing a zoom and that you
can't believe how much bigger they can
make something just in the distance and
make it look really clear they have
image stabilization and crazy I mean
they're about to come out with a hundred
and fifty megapixel sensor on a camera
that's on the phone means they're there
and they're going hog-wild with
technology and providing like the state
of the art shit and just a few years ago
they were like a non heard of brand I
mean five six seven years ago you never
heard about people talking about Huawei
now Huawei has a direct competitor to
the MacBook Pro where I mean a lot of
people think it's the best laptop that
you can buy but it'll display it works
on fingerprints the web camera pops out
of a key like you press a key and it
pops up so people can't see you while
you're jerking off if you're one of
those guys that worries you have them
it's watch yeah sure em while these
Huawei computers have figured it out and
they basically but maybe the design of
an Apple MacBook just made it way better
yeah but don't they have of course but
don't they have encrypted don't they
have built-in spyware stuff with some
things with some things I don't think
this is what's funny this is what I like
about my always my argument for the
marketplace because you know you don't
want unchecked capitalism but what's
great about the marketplace is you have
to allow for for creative destruction
that like the the fact that member that
flip the camera all the stuff that we
had GPS you have a GPS you had a little
camera then you had your phone and you
had to allow certain businesses to go
out of business to get all that
technology into one fucking place which
is your phone that we all use and that
requires people to it cry requires
creative destruction it requires like
you know people lose entire businesses
fall down there I'm gonna new ones born
imagine if people bailed out all those
portable phone businesses and that's
what we have the government did that's
what what has the market that's what
happened in a government controlled
economy in a socialist economy I promise
you you would have you'd have boards or
or or committees that would decide
whether or not it was fair you you they
would never a government organization
would never allow for that kind of
creative destruction fucking never yes
you have to protect jobs no no no but
you would not in this in the situation
like with if China with technology they
they're not like trying to save those
stupid phones like when those phones
became irrelevant because the cameras on
the phones were bad that's because they
had to compete when the cat's because
that's gonna come out of China came out
of the West and Technology yes initially
innovation and all the all the
innovation everything you see that comes
out of Apple you can swipe all that
stuff don't forget that's all that's all
that came out of the free market that
came out of the gun throat competition
oh yeah no no I'm not but it's
fascinating to me that they just take
that don't heal it better of course
I mean the Japanese used to they would
mimic still have they still do it look
that's what Lexus is Lexus is them
looking at BMW and Mercedes and going
hmm I see some holes in your game son
and then they decided to do their own
version of it you know and here's the
thing about those cars versus any other
car they don't break that's the number
one thing man-made cars I've had the
Lexus truck I've had like over the past
15 years I had three of them that's
problems with any of them f00 they
always start they always Drive perfect
I've had three Lexus trucks sitting
there so they're so well engineered
they're so well designed there's
something about Japanese vehicles man I
like my tests I thought I had no
problems of that here yeah I have had
really anything major I had a like one
little glitch once where the windshield
wiper wasn't working correctly but they
fix that quick yeah but that's it other
than that still driving their Tesla
bitch number one car yeah I Drive more
than anything so easy right it's so easy
and it allowed one of the things I
really enjoy is that I have a lot of
loud cars I like loud shit yeah but the
Tesla's silent I know so it makes it I
can think so when I Drive that I really
like driving that with no music on
mm-hmm I just like driving it cuz it's
like silent I make my way to the Comedy
Store and I could hear all the sounds
around me in a way that I could never
hear before yeah you know I mean because
I never noticed that but that's how I
guess that's what because the car is not
eat you you're interfacing with the
world differently like if I'm driving my
Porsches probably my loudest car that
gt3 that thing's loud I'm driving that
I'm being obnoxious
that's real loud - that's Brennan
Brennan revved it and I jumped like a
bitch all right I went like that like my
hands went up I sent him a video that is
so ridiculous is the gt2 RS his car
racing against all these exotics likes
all these McCann I see that Ferrari just
burying them really oh yeah yeah that
car is like one of the fastest cars that
you can buy he drives it you know what I
love about Brendan well he drives it
like it's his number one car it's his
only daily driver it's his daily driver
yeah it's ridiculous fucking hilarious
a giant man in that ridiculous Porsche
yes daily driver you gotta love it you
gotta love him for it oh yeah well
listen he needs a reason to work so hard
he's no those guys he likes to be he
likes to be rewarded but those and I do
too
those those vehicles like that that
style of vehicle it's like you're not
doing what everybody else is doing
everybody else is driving to work you're
on a ride yeah oh this car I wish I
liked cars that Jesus Christ why don't
you drive that for a day you like cars
that much especially have to get to the
doctor so much work get you some some of
that man juicing sorry buddy contesting
you'll get one of those wouldn't make so
much work what work could you fucking
get a car like that I'm gonna get jacked
I'm gonna get sick I'm gonna shave my
fucking body what about straight razor
I'm manscaping the funny thing we're
Bloods are my manscaped by the way if
you want to see me in person this
Saturday at the celebrity theater I'm in
Arizona and then where am i where am i a
joke will a fuck of my New Year's Eve
where are you New Year's Eve I'm at the
Wilbur theater in Boston oh shit at the
Wilbur theater in Boston get tickets or
fucking die and I got a whole new hour
so if you see me in the past three
months I got all new material
look at Wilbur one of my favorite
theaters I'm standing like a fucking mad
at shadow bill blooming right yeah
that's a great theater I love it I think
we got we got for him two tickets left
so beautiful get him the guy who owns it
bill blooming right I've been friends of
that guy for 28 29 years really oh yeah
I've known him forever yeah he looked me
back when I was really just getting
going
hmm he'll book me at his clubs great
thing yeah yeah I've known that guy
forever I love that guy hearing friends
with him from the beginning of time
you're now you're not selling out to I
how many tickets have you sold at one
time the most yeah let me hold on let me
get my hand at my band's the biggest
place was with Chapelle but that was me
and him that doesn't count
that was $25,000 Tacoma fucking god yeah
he broke the record for the Tacoma Dome
so ridiculous I it was fun all right
that was that was really fun but um by
myself
probably San Diego that's like 14
that's fuck yeah done some other ones
that are in the neighborhood of that
it's weird it is so weird it's so weird
it just seems weird like you getting out
there like what in the fuck is going on
yeah you know and I always come out to
ACDC long way to the top if you want a
rock and roll you know what is our basis
why man I was at The Improv it's a funny
story and there was a dude who is the
the DJ and he and I are standing there
and I was going up a little bit later
and it was a girl who's going on was
doing a guest spot who was very new and
wasn't working so well it was rough
she's bombing a little bit and I turned
to DJ go it's a long way to the top and
we high-fived and you know I I left the
room then when I went on stage he played
it very smart and we looked at each
other I was like yeah great fucking song
it's a great song it's one of the best
Road songs ever goddamn I come up to a
cashmere buys up
just get on the hunt canada ticket down
they had so many fucking amazing songs
have you heard Greta Van Fleet yes
they're sad every good they're so good
like they sounds so much like Zeppelin
but I don't mind it's they get away with
it cuz they're so good right they're
like the best tribute band they are man
I listen to them I just live right now
I'm fuckin really young right I feel
like 21 it's just hot they're pigs of
their babies listen man I'm down for any
21 year old kids it appreciate Zeppelin
bogger yes still astonishing
oh yeah to me they're the great there
might be the greatest you know you got
Pink Floyd you got the Beatles you got
the stones you got the who but rock and
roll in terms of like a group that we
still listen to and everything stops
yeah I think it's deply well you know
they're certainly one of the all-time
greats but it's like almost like every
different style of music has its
appropriate moment where it hits you
perfectly yeah you know like there's a
there's a moment where like you want to
hear voodoo child and it comes on like
ah but then there's a moment where like
sitting on the dock of the bay is the
perfect song here they're very different
I like thank you bye son sometimes I was
at a shitty bowling alley and kickstart
my heart came on I couldn't have been
more happy mood that's a fucking great
workout song but that's the song like if
you're at a bowling alley and Motley
Crue kickstart my heart comes on it's
like the right song for the moment right
there like Sarah McLaughlin there you'd
be like what are you doing to me what
are you doing to me but other times
Sarah McLaughlin is the perfect sauce
the perfect size it's it's all different
men it's all they all have their own
little spot yeah and the wave of time
yeah they do they do it's like they do
and you never know what what you need to
hear sometimes until you hear it
sometimes a song will come on the radio
and like at the perfect time like you
listening to Spotify or something like
that and his song comes on like just
when you needed to hear it
yeah there's kickstart my heart and he
was the driver
wow that's the downhill moments for Sam
Kinison hanging out with these
motherfuckers doing coke til fuckin
seven o'clock in the morning and then
trying to do a show at The Comedy Store
and being half out of it
can't do it that's what ruined a man
yeah is uh success in partying I still
to this day maintain that the Kinison
between 86 and 88 was probably the best
comic that ever lives he was a monster
he was a monster he was making fun of
shit that no one had the balls to touch
he was crushing things I'm gonna go
watch him oh my god that year this is
this is him from the rent Don Ronnie
Dangerfield comedy special well he was a
monster another head injury victim you
know that yes siree Bob
him like Roseanne Barr well no I know
both haven't died no no no no no he was
hit by a car when he was a kid yeah his
brother bill wrote a book called brother
Sam and it was it's like a story of
Sam's life it's a really good book if
you're a Sam Kinison fan I recommend it
highly
I mean his brother bill is it
I think it's called brother Sam I think
I'm right anyway in the book he talks
about a Sam was hit by a car and like
really bad when he was a little kid and
then after that his personality changed
can very impulsive very wild you
couldn't control him it's a head injury
it's the same as Roseanne Barr the exact
same status and that she was 15 this is
one of the main reasons why I wanted to
have around my podcast after her
controversy and have her air this out to
people like you guys have to under I
love that lady I've known her forever
she's a wonderful person and she is a
person with like legitimate mental
illness she was hit by a car when she
was 15 years old a lady couldn't see
because the Sun was coming in it was
hitting her windshield and hit her in
the middle of the fucking intersection
sent her flying she was in a mental
institute for nine months after that she
couldn't count anymore
okay she they put her in them they put
her in a fucking insane asylum
okay she's losing her mind she's on a
host of different pills and it's one of
the reasons why she's such a great
comment because she doesn't give a fuck
she's brash and she just says things
like when they and when she first came
out man people don't remember but when I
remember when I was a kid and Roseanne
Barr first came out I think it was a HBO
or one of those comedy specials we had
to see her do stand-up you like why is
this
this is like a new type of lady comedian
yeah like how can is a new type of male
committee but it's the same thing they
didn't give a fuck
they had head injuries yeah yeah and
that's one of the reasons why I wanted
to have her on to tell everybody hey the
your team is someone who's on a host of
different medications they fluctuate
they go back and forth they're always
changing her meds and moving her meds
around plus she takes ambien
Plus she smokes weed plus she drinks
like listen little session she's a nice
lady Sapolsky talks about like you don't
know what's going on our brand if you
did you'd be a lot more sympathetic exam
but he's a huge proponent than the idea
of freewill being a farce
right it's not real I know yes well the
scientists who can look at things from a
completely non emotional level I see
what I see where they're coming from
with that well I do think sometimes I
wonder if we are you know we're
programmed I don't know what I don't
know what my motivations are what drives
me I know like I think about for me I
think about stand-up and how much I love
it and so I'm very guarded of my my
insert my body right like just as
sometimes I just don't want anything to
fuck up so I can keep doing it like
worst thing would happen to me is I
couldn't do stand-up you know I think oh
is that me is that the item I'm I just
remember loving making people laugh
there are there a whole host of
personality characteristics that have
been there from the start if I think
back what certainly is you certainly is
you and you certainly are responsible
for your choices but also you are the
victim of your circumstances you're the
product or the benefactor of all these
years of things happening all these
different events all the people you know
which is one of the big ones yeah this
is what I concentrate on I think more
than anything in my life
the quality of the people around you
dictates the quality of your life and
this is an equation that people for
whatever reason don't put down as
significant or primary but the quality
of the people that you have in your life
is everything you could be camping like
you and I were in Montana nine degrees
out with a bunch of great guys we had a
good fucking time didn't we didn't have
a house no I'm gonna stay warm by fire
but the quality of our life was
significant it was great
because the quality of the people that
you're around that's everything man
people that are worried about money or
fame or credibility or whatever
accolades you think you deserve that
you're not getting the quality of the
people that are around you is everything
they drive you they change your opinions
they challenge you they show compassion
they show they show warmth and
camaraderie that allows you to be more
comfortable with who you are you open up
to each other I mean this is everything
in this life is community and one of the
things that's most lost when we're
dealing with urbanization and large
groups of people one of the things
that's most loss is our sense of
community the more people we have the
less value those people have more of a
nuisance they become they're just some
fucks ahead of you on the highway
they're not human beings with lives and
hopes and wishes they've become a burden
they become locusts yeah they're not
just a pretty grasshopper they're
fucking everywhere
yeah it's just an overabundance and
that's what our problem is and and an
overabundance and no quality but no
quality in your job choice no quality
and the education that's thrust upon you
know quality and the people that you're
running into and your relationships that
are on pills and their wacky distort the
truth they're always a victim they're
never wrong or you could be around a
bunch of cool people what's cool about
podcasting because you at least you can
listen to people you know positive you
should start a podcast called Bryan
Callen as your friend yes hey kids
here's my tip first wasn't that Brody's
um Brody's Twitter handle wasn't as
Brody as me friend yeah I wanna start my
start on the wall hot cats with me me
Sasso and D'Elia there's a rumor that
the 10 minute podcast why do I give it
10 minutes once you guys yours are just
getting warmed up it's on this I know
just makes me that's what I might do one
where we start funny - top secret guys
why not just don't bring back the one
with the three you guys yeah maybe
that's in the works going per hour maybe
that's a big secret maybe one I don't
know yeah I got an idea why why don't
you do a podcast with Chris D'Elia and
Will Sasso oh yeah who can't take credit
for that idea
it's a good idea you can have it you
don't know if it's in the works or not
yet have that idea alright I'll think
about it do you mention it maybe we will
mean the credits inspired by Joe 100%
other cities will bring you in good luck
there are people out there that actually
want credit for coming up with an idea
that they didn't come up with there are
people out there that want like like
showrunners right that step in after
someone's created a pilot and they say I
want created by crediting it and then
I'll run the show dance
oh yeah that is one of the most bonkers
things your conversation in the goddamn
room mm-hmm and then a year later you
got this show and that person will show
up and sue you oh yeah and it's happened
oh yeah yeah yeah well I knew a dude who
submitted a script to a major Hollywood
production company they turned him down
and then they went ahead met that made
the movie yeah and they made the movie
it was a blockbuster with big-time stars
he sued them he won he shouldn't and he
got his name on the book on the move
well that's that's fair because people
do that all the time
a lot of times if you had a writer and
you're an executive you know you're
under so much pressure to come up with
an idea somebody comes up with an idea
and you're like that's a good idea we
could but I got a better we could add
some shit to it right but you're
supposed to have a deal you're supposed
to know it's called don't take what
doesn't belong to you don't be a fucking
thieving okay don't be at the time the
movie was Expendables yeah it's very I
was though he was a writer for he was a
student of Eddie Bravo's lately yeah so
I was around when the whole thing was
going down wow we're all like wow they
just stole your idea they just jacked it
well speaking of Expendables you know my
new favorite person allegedly I should
say allegedly to all the things I've
just said yeah I don't know if this is
true could have been a big giant lie
someone was on adderall and just started
lying to me my favorite one my new
favorite person there's a guy named Sly
Stallone he went to his house for the
fights yeah but like I learned some shit
about him me David Blaine showed up and
you gotta have my on the podcast
dare blame showed up and did magic
actually a jump how about that listen
don't I can read the rest of my life and
not have David Blaine on the pot just
saying fine I'm just saying he'd be a
great guest I think you'd like it I
don't like you telling what to do all
right
st. bro this have to have him on the
fuck is that look at that picture I told
his daughter to take that picture and I
just got because I wanted to jump and
while they're all doing that neutral me
in behind them pop thickest Stallone's
hair that is preposterous it looks
fantastic
I was it still so good couple things
about sly you don't know my hair so good
cuz he's fucking slide do you think he
has like someone who like does him up
before the picture like he knows you
guys are coming over so he has his
hairdresser like puff it all up he shows
up like that and just looks you know I
like I was got the Jay Leno shirt on to
a great fucking sense of humor oh he
does I interviewed him once for spike T
so fun he was hilarious someone heckled
he goes hey MA oh yeah he's got an a' on
top of that you he's I know I'm sure I
I'm you think I'm I'm not cool in that
group why I look so solemn because he
was watching the fight he didn't give a
fuck about his fight is very important
but he's also really cool when you talk
to him I'm sure
but me and Thalia Thalia it goes like
this to me we're sitting there with all
those legends and Julia goes I got weird
shit going on in my chest man I feel
weird you don't know what to do with all
this hilarious
fucking frank grillo it's about that bar
didn't you like what about me man oh my
god I mean do you get any more Facebook
imagine being a fly on that wall
you know what stones really good at
besides horseback riding world-class
horseback rider sucking cock no man I
just made it up no painting Oh me me
Thalia Astley about a meet Aaliyah David
Blaine and Frank Grillo or following him
around his house like a cup-like betta
like like little puppies as he's
pointing to his insane paintings that
he's made him so oh dude lazing sells
him for I won't even go to how much did
their I went how much you sound for in
the number he gave me I went a course
and I looked at Frank and I went Frank
i'ma tell see she first of all why you
asking him knows I ask personal thoughts
so I should cuz I ask personal questions
of you know cuz I wanted one okay but
don't you feel weird saying hey man how
much money do you make
no I say well I I said I said if I
wanted to buy it like you sell these
because ya go can you give me a ballpark
figure in the hopper figure I went oh
that's not never be able to buy that but
they were so so yourself short
you should live
your life and your goal should be having
enough money so it seems reasonable too
biased alone painting that's that should
be your your sellout the will for
everybody through those paintings he's a
great painter that's actually kind of
cool what does that what's going on
telling her elephant a clock that's a
dude's back look is that I don't know it
was a great painter this is when I was
younger
ooh it's so good that supposed to be him
I looked at I looked at Grillo and I got
mad I went hey I'm a fuckin loser I'm
gonna get myself together I got to do
something man the guy does a lot of shit
is that did he take a did he paint
himself getting mixed in with no
pictures of him paintings of him yeah no
he's uh look man the guy wrote Rocky and
then would not accept them having
anybody else play the character when he
was nobody
he's got balls of steel plain plain took
a video of me listening to him as he
read the first page of the Rocky script
in his in his office I wish I wasn't
there I would have ran through that wall
like the fucking kool-aid man like I
can't
[Laughter]
sorry about how Joe Frazier came in to
audition for it
well Apollo Creed thing and and he said
he said you know I want you know we've
decided to do some boxing just just to
have him you know because they were
gonna be fight scenes and he said he
said I tried that he goes if razor
started tapping me in different places
and I he literally was just like what
the fuck is cool it was like getting
caught in a buzzsaw he's like wait this
is not gonna work at a movie what are
you doing and then any same thing with
Roberto Duran he you know who's like I'd
box a little bit he said I started
getting hit like him in so many
different places that it's III felt like
it was in a washing machine the way he
tells the story is fuckin yeah those
guys they know what aliens fucking whore
fuck yeah and Peyton
yeah he's interesting his daughters are
fucking great too he's uh yeah he's a
he's a really fascinating guy a very
very unusual guy and the thing about him
is like he's done so many these big
blockbuster hits that I think people
forget that he can actually act if you
go back and watch Rocky one you go oh
like this guys are really good at yeah
dude he was in Rocky one man you got to
see like who he was you know a young guy
well in the first blood when he got that
script he's the one who said because he
was a homicidal maniac to character and
he said he said this isn't gonna work
he's got to be a killer but specifically
you can't just kill everybody he's got
to have a philosophy behind why he
fucking does this I love that movie
how great was it yeah that's that's
young angry skinny face Stallone ah look
at them cheeks done
he was 165 I think when he made them I
believe it yeah fascinating character in
Hollywood I mean you've never had a guy
with the longevity that sylvester's 45
years he is still making action movies
he's a hundred and fifty thousand years
old he's still making axe movies no buy
it Dilber was there he's been there the
two times I've been there and don't you
know bill
bill burr went to the house yeah he's
there every time so good bill goes up
I'm Melissa I'm standing like a fucking
loser
it's Stallone in Schwarzenegger and I
think and Pacino and they're talking is
my childhood and I'm I kind of in I'm
standing in that group sort of good man
and I'm like this and I don't want to
say anything I want to say anything just
about I want to impress them know what
some of your esoteric knowledge so badly
so badly I was I was like what can I say
well hey you guys ever read Chomsky yeah
Chomsky whatever anyway look a fucking
loser and over here Cobra walks up
behind me though work something the new
rainbow just playing that's also his
most recent work him riding Joey Diaz
said this is Roadhouse on steroids
he was Joe Rogan listen to me this
fucking movie is amazing he's I see it
it's it's Roadhouse on steroids
it's fucking incredible you love it
you'll get high to the fucking gills
look at this he beats all those guys of
course it does dude that's a lot of guns
to have to shut your fucking right I
don't know bro shut your mouth I'm a fan
but still he's drawing our business oh
it's a hundred percent realistic fuck
you man all I want to ask what do you
hate America
all I want to do is shoot an explosive
son see you love those communist that
you were talking them no dude I swear I
don't man the booby traps this house and
fucks everybody I'm chopping them up
dude you draw first place fucking dude
and he'll draw last blood he got real
lean a few years back a crazy lean he
was playing this uh he was playing a hit
man and it was actually a pretty fucking
good movie an interesting movie like
like it didn't get enough credit like
what was the bullet to the head that's
it bullet today I see that bullet did
the head was a pretty fuckin good action
movie but shit like a but look how lean
he got he got like like triathlete lean
yeah not what not hospital I asked him
if he had any injuries from he goes to
his phone and showed me a spine and all
the operations I mean he's been sobs on
my neck like Reagan's dying hey I'm
watching this fucking movie you know
yeah of course who else is allowed to be
that big and handsome dude only was the
best-looking man on the planet I think
yeah I think he is in this movie I want
to look like that but yeah this was not
that long ago but it was a good movie
like a good solid you know action movie
yeah I enjoyed it I enjoyed it I comment
Stallone fan I've been watching that
guy's movies forever but what I liked
about this it's a walter hill film -
what i liked about this movie was I mean
not just liked about it but that
Stallone got like super crazy lean like
he was uh he looked things over just 80
pounds Slater there you go buddy full
stars over walks up to me right behind
me as I'm listening these guys trying to
get into the loads oh he goes like this
he goes hey you've been here for an hour
already get over
[Laughter]
just keeps walking right bill told me
that he's fuckin he's gonna start
working out he called me up he goes hey
dude
you fell out a medium sweater you look
good I'm coming for that title he's
piece of shit and he can never say nice
he goes we came on stage one time with
the common story I mean the laugh abused
so funny and so good and I go I think
you're the best right now period I love
you I think you're the best and I had to
say it and I'm a professional comic and
I'm pretty funny myself and I'm saying
it from you and if I'm saying it I'm
right so that's how it is and I walked
away from him got a message he goes hey
Bry I gotta tell you the shit you were
doing was killing me I loved it coming
from you that meant a lot to me I just
want to thank you because I've been you
know I had his fucking gig didn't go
well it was just tough for me but just
hearing that from you is fuckin cuz
you're hilarious I love you thank you
and go fuck yourself though cuz I can't
be nice for two hun I saved the message
for a long time he's a fuckin character
man oh god there's so many good comics
right now it's such a good time hell
yeah we're lucky as we're all friends
yeah that's what's interesting right
yeah you know in those Kennison days
were talking about like dice and kids
and fucking hated each other man there's
a bullet hole the sign in the pack
parking lot is Kennison pulled out a gun
shot the fucking sign scared dice off
that's that's impulsive that fuck you
know sign had a hole in it forever I
remember and they they fix the glass
part why would you fix it crazy don't
fix it right now that crack is magical
man that's where Kinnison shot through
that's part of the fun I think the
bullet holes still in the back though
you still feel the bullet hole that
podcasting and probably yours for the
most part it's changed there it is
there's a hole look at that I remember
it's so well fucking Kinnison bullet
hole saw him that's that's head injuries
kid yeah I know all about that stuff
carrying a gun that's what made him a
great it's almost like you have to be
sick in the head to be that funny I'm
gonna get into shooting by the way I saw
you were honey I sorry I want to do that
okay let's go next first of all I need
to learn how to shoot I'll take my eyes
open I'll take you because I gotta get
ready for the apocalypse
fuck the back dude it's fun bang I'll
take you down a Terran tactic
we'll go through a course a box I do
jujitsu I take that fucking shit on god
you're crazy fucking man hey how long do
you think you can hang from a chin-up
bar we're gonna we're gonna go try how
long do you think you can I'm gonna say
because I don't practice it I'm gonna
say no more than a minute but I'm gonna
try it's really a minute I don't know
you don't are you skeptical remember I
could do a lot of pull-ups no I can do
more than a minute I'd do 2 minutes and
15 seconds that's a long fucking time
you've been practicing it don't tell me
otherwise been dedicated ok over the
last two mile right so now I'm gonna do
it I usually was doing a couple minutes
a day but I was breaking it up into like
thirty-second chunks or maybe I'd go a
minute and then I decided about two
months ago to see how long I could hold
on for it's good for your shoulder okay
what helps me is if I hold on for like
15-20 seconds and I rest for a long time
and then I go back and do it I could do
it a lot longer so I should one side
yeah okay let me ask you powder my hands
to a choc my hands up that's big - doing
that - because your hands get sweaty and
then it fucks with your grip no let me
ask you this are you when you hang are
you do you have tension or you totally
lose totally loose you are yes but one
trick that I do when I start getting
really tired as I tense up yes so I
squeeze the bar harder and I start doing
these we're almost like it's distracting
yes from the fact that my hands are
burning it okay and I feel like it also
engages like maybe almost like a
different way of holding it that gives
you like a little bit of a break not
much of a break you're still hanging on
there goes the podcast coz all I'm
thinking about now is doing that yeah
it's worked out today well here's the
thing it's made my hands thicker it's
harder for me to get my wedding ring off
cuz my fingers are actually getting
thicker I worked out with hanging I
worked out with my friend Rudy Reyes do
you know that is bring up Rudy Reyes who
do you do to you don't worry about it
let's take a look at his body for a
second he's 48 years old please please
understand what he's about and make you
get pumped
we worked kettlebells bro and we did
some body weight oh you told me that
this is like the first time you've ever
really worked kettlebells right yes sir
it's amazing or isn't it
it's what's up fuck it's what I love
what is the second time and I was Sissis
ass or it really for me is the best
thing that translates into jiu-jitsu
there's some
about like if you have like a 50 or 70
pound kettlebell and you're cleaning and
pressing and do windmills and all that
that to me is like that really works for
intensive that's not a good Jay gotta
see him now what are you talking about I
don't want him to look better than that
no he couldn't be better looking this I
don't like it look at him there with it
I've gotta have you gotta have him with
his beard that's my boy right there
it's kidding recon marine Jesus yeah
yeah
he's not fat no his body is so stupid
you got to see the chest good let's look
at his shoulder stop right there pause
like back up a little bit Lou the
striations in his shoulder it was like
4% body yeah it's stupid let me let's go
ahead and get him naked bro well you
can't can't get down to two it's mom
I've never seen a body Luis it'sit's me
and Stevie blue eyes everybody else
we're always like well that's why I want
to look like you want to see it naked
nah I didn't say that out loud is it
always Instagram does it take thirst
picture yeah you see the first ones that
shido-san Tino and him at the top No
look at you guys together
go I don't know he's hugging you getting
jealous I don't like that picture go
that picture again with him and you
together look at that look at me I look
like that fucking old and I don't like
how he's hugging you
he's hugging you he's gonna take you
down but fuck you he will seems like
he's gonna I was there with my guests I
would think like this kept going you
have a look on your face of shock and
then his wrist would be cinched tighter
in your waist and then next thing you
see like one of your legs is up in the
air oh there they go do the Kung Fu
thing the one on the right yeah for no
reason oh oh he's doing kung fu with
bands just for the fuck of it if you
started a cult you know how many chicks
he could bang dude that's what that was
like that's what that guy was like with
woody beads on teaching people how to
meditate just sling a dick and a jungle
somewhere yes right he pulls up to the
class in the canoe and all the girls
were waiting for him with beads on yeah
class let's begin yo he working with
breathing he wears scarves the only guy
he's more muscular than frank grillo
he's sexier than frank grillo which is
impossible to pull off the tights are
suspect yeah not liking the tights all
where I'm just seems weird like why do
you have tights on them I don't know
dude but it doesn't matter because
really reason I'm doing that it's an odd
choice so my choice for a grown man is
not a yoga class well
what are you doing you a gymnast huh
yeah little see that's all that shit he
doesn't rain since he does all that shit
he's us
we gotta get serious bro about what I
don't know everything
you know it's fucking pathetic at 52
still talking about working out still
trying to get better and scram disagree
I can't wait to go onto the ground
listen I enjoy everything that I do I
enjoy every part of like being a man I
do this fun it's fun so if it keeps
going why is that weird I liked it I
liked it when I was 30 I like it now but
I want the David Sinclair drugs I want
to be fucking I want to figure out how
to have the wind of a 30 year old
my body's betraying me Whitney told me
she started taking nad she's been taking
nad injections Jimmy there's a place
that hooks that up right what is that ID
that's good question
I'd butcher it but you can take it in
pill form to which I've been doing you
have yes oh is that what he was talking
about some yeah there's a lot of other
stuff that people are taking though that
actually it supposedly maybe increases
your lifespan but decreases performance
that's that metformin stop yeah that is
there's a lot of controversy with that
like as soon as that we did that podcast
people that I know that are more into
the performance side of athletics and
nutrition and well-being they were yeah
that that stuff is not really I talked
to my daughter about it he said your you
know your nicotine amide a dean adenine
dinucleotide Wow
say the first word nicotinamide
nicotinamide adenine adenine a Thailand
how about being a doctor and a scientist
you have to remember all that fucking
Latin why why is that may slow even
reverse the aging process what is
decision
reverse the aspects of aging also delay
the progression of age-related diseases
holla atcha boy if Whitney goes back in
time starts looking like she's 20 you
know it works
she looks pretty damn good so he's
pretty good yeah she's doing it every
day too I love Whitney she's awesome
I fucking love her is this one of the
smartest people I know I just love her
I'm on the most well-read look she's
always bringing up some books you read
she's awesome
yeah she's she's always curious about
shit it's uh that's so important in this
life is just a constantly between you
would you stop being curious about
things just kind of go boom I know she
fucking shoots me when I don't realize
I'm being shot like so she's videotaping
me when I'm doing my silly shit I don't
I'm just like the other day I was coming
in and I was I was just I was like thing
is I shoot guns down
and then and I'm doing this fucking
weird acting like a complete idiot and
she's videotaping the whole fucking
thing and it puts it on a story I'm like
we're neighbors
hunting why don't you take me hunting
well because you're not really fully
committed bullshit I make I'm their
number one I'm dead I number two I make
you laugh number three I listen my I'm a
hundred percent down to go hunting with
you you don't have to convince me but
the difference is I do it for all my
meat now and I do it I bow hunt I need
me to bro we started out together Brian
in 2012 we hunted together for the first
time okay and you went one way and I
went another way you went the bow and
arrow way I went that I do it all the
time by the way I didn't buy you about
white boy paid for that bow you know I
organized it I had it sent to you I've
never shot it you should have shot it
it's old I don't bring it here gotta get
a new one my dad was like you and Joe
Rogan look very similar like brothers
basically well we were in Wikipedia for
most of our lives till somebody figured
it out
it said half-brother to Brian Cowen on
my Wikipedia bio forever and people
always say your brother's a good guy
no thanks yeah well we always talked
about this but the moment
Matt we're like oh oh fellow idiots I
know how are you traveller the greatest
okay I got to do it to boxing Maidana
lined up in jail I was like sounds like
my kind of guy
dummies were both at pit bulls were both
Tommy's SuperDuper technically in the
morning I was like I want a dog just out
of the box
dude I look over the beard look at that
and I shot some turkey huntin Turkey
honey's fun because it's like I swear to
god there's a feeling that you get when
you kill an animal that's not it's not a
happy feeling it's angry there's a
there's a remorse you know that is it's
like engulfing the happiness like
there's happiness but there's also like
a remorse I get serious had no remorse
when you blast a turkey I'm here to tell
you I shot a turkey in the head I felt
nothing
not only that I put it on Instagram
nobody gave a fuck I was holding that
Turkey up by its feet I'm like shot a
turkey nobody cared I know nobody no
vegans care about turkeys they should
die and if you around them you care
about him even less well everything
wants to kill a turkey to the point
where you have to cover your face
because otherwise they're like man they
run away me the size the one steve god
that's a big jerk that's what I call a
big fucking Tom yeah that's a big-ass
turkey man I love using I love using
hunting terminology around hunters so
they think I'm a more seasoned hunter
than their a cool animal turkeys a
cooler animal man really is really yeah
it's it's interesting it's a it's a bird
that kind of flies but doesn't yeah be
the last bird I would choose to be they
go up in a tree yeah that's about it
they can just barely make it to a tree
don't worry about coyote Fox everything
you got to worry about everything
everything won't seat you everything you
know probably other birds oh hell yeah
dude this this my kids found out in my
neighborhood they found a fucking my son
goes daddy there's a / that's dead and I
go there and it was a dove with no head
and it's and it's chested Vanina clearly
buy a bird of prey yeah or an owl we
have a big owl in the neighborhood hmm
oh yeah fuck around
I had an owl that was killing Hawks in
my neighborhood what yeah these Hawks
were all beheaded and this I will just
decide
to start fucking up these Hawks there is
one of the best videos that I've ever
seen online of animal interactions where
our swoops down it snatches a hawk out
of its nest you ever seen that yeah they
got a camera on this nest of hawks so
they kill hawk so make it whatever the
fuck they want give a hoot don't pollute
listen that things of ruthless fucking
kill cats too
they kill everything cats rabbits one of
them I was driving down the street to my
house and I was driving this owl was
like flying over the street holding a
rabbit and just decided I was getting
too close to him see just let the rabbit
go and splat so I got out of the car to
look at the rabbit just disemboweled
rabbit yes tore this fucking thing apart
but this video it was on my Instagram
it's night vision and you see these
Hawks just hanging out in the nest like
huh well I guess we're look at this
guess we'll be here for the night no
look at the eyes look at the eyes look
at the eyes I didn't know what happened
one more time watch look at the eyes
look at the eyes of the distance see the
eyes here comes I love that video
it says owl attacks hawk you can find
the video online on YouTube enjoy I will
attack Hawk and you can find me at the
Wilbur oh you are you doing comedy on
New Year's Eve I'm talking about that
but I I mean I'll be if you're in a
whole new hour I do have a whole new
outweigh a minute I do comedy on New
Year's Eve in Boston at the Wilbur oh my
goodness and and I'll be there I'll be
in Arizona this Saturday the celebrity
theater
I love the celebrity theater it's in the
round yeah that's a great place decided
that spins to a little bit I didn't know
that I think it does a slow spin I gotta
be ready I think you can turn on or off
amazing to you all right yeah I'm pretty
sure the celebrity theater spins all
right find out that's true George Lopez
did their most special known no Louie CK
did a special there Oh King Lopez might
have done something there too but that's
a great great okay it's cool it's
intimate even though it's like a couple
thousand people there yeah I think that
thing
yeah I think that John told him you know
he's that radio guys a great guy it's
his Happy Endings thing that's the first
place I ever met Segura
really yeah worked with Segura on the
there was a tour I did with Charlie
Murphy and John Heffron and we had a
different local guy open up in every
place and Segura opened up there that's
how I became buddies ago yeah
funny man he's the best Bryan Collins in
Phoenix Frank Caliendo and Adam Ray is a
crazy lineup uh-huh are you gonna spin
it if they let you spin it find out that
thing's pins gonna say it's crystal here
goes hey everyone don't go to this he
said the first ball my bang everyone
don't go to this your um your fake feud
with him is very strange don't make
videos about each other he did the
podcast yesterday it was the funniest
thing in the world the most insulting
one time one time we were doing the
podcast and he was just lying there and
I go be respectful and sit the fuck up
and I started talking and he just got up
and he slapped me in the car I was like
I'll fucking kill you
and I came at him and he started when he
tried to kiss me it was like kryptonite
yeah he's a weirdo yeah weirdo he's from
out of space yeah I mean well SAS always
say he's from outer space there it is
look look Wow he smacked you right in
the face mmm funny motherfucker man
hilarious and a great guy too just just
a good dude I like being around them
it's fun yeah these are my inner circle
well we're all weirdos right he's just
he's a weirdo weirdo
we're buzzing reminded me of what
misfits we are cuz I I want to do this
idea where I was like I was gonna do
this thing for on it we're gonna come up
with ways funny ways to sell product I
thought it'd be a good way to recruit
some comics and get him a job sit around
a table and create like a marketing
thing and none of them like all the two
of them got back to me everybody else
like sorry I don't have time they're
just fucking misfits misfit like you can
make real money you fucking idiot man
tired too tired to get up too high got a
show at the Laugh Factory two hours off
and
that's not funny that's quite you're
funny all right yeah that's a lot of
them yeah a lot of people are funny
because of the fact that they you know
they're impulsive that don't have
discipline and they just yeah that's
part of what makes them funny is that
just a little thing they're also wild
they're wild people they're not good at
like being disciplined and rigid and on
a schedule that they create themselves I
can't like yourself I would tell you
that my acting I was in Jeffrey Tambor's
class and doing an acting thing and
Jeffrey Tambor looked at me he goes get
a little self-esteem problem huh I feel
like you're second banana in general in
life and some guy goes thank God
everybody looks up at me cuz well you
wouldn't be funny if you didn't if you
didn't hate himself so I'll take him
this way
never forgot it I was like all right
that's hilarious yeah I don't know if
you have to like yourself that much I
think you should always be a little
dissatisfied with yourself works for me
yeah I don't think you should be
satisfied very often if you want to be
good at anything
you know you're on a path right you're
on an improvement and growth path you're
trying to get better whatever it is but
it's tennis right you're trying to get
better at it all the time like you
shouldn't if you want to get better at
at all time you got to be scrutinizing
you can't be happy about certain moments
where you were really good and think
that's you I've got to be thinking about
the things that didn't go good yes oh I
gotta fix that part is that story
whether it's true or not but I think it
is Rafael Nadal had just won Wimbledon
one of the greatest of all time you ever
see him play like his athleticism his
power he hits the ball so hard that the
ball camera of this is the ball revolves
twice as fast it makes it 22 so many
revolutions is the average high level
tennis player that's how hard that's how
much spin it is like it's 80 versus 40
or something and he he got out of a need
just one Wilton and he's back he's back
in the locker room going I know I just I
don't know if my grip should have been a
little bit I feel like it should I think
I'm gonna change it you know that it's
still adjusting everyone you have to be
yeah that's how you get to be that guy
yes and as soon as you get to be that
guy and go up I got it then you're gonna
fall off you're done that happens -
don't you feel stand-ups that way too
though you know well what we're talking
about with Kinnison right you know
Kinnison when he was on fire he was
longing for acceptance and
longing for respected attention and he
was gonna take at yeah he just went out
there fuckin guns blazing like an animal
but then once he got he's partying with
Bon Jovi and Motley Crue and they're
doing blow fucking on the tour bus and
you know drinking vodka till 5:00 in the
morning all that chaos it's just it
stops being the same thing life is now
you're celebrating the fact that you're
the shit instead of you're desperate to
make the best work you can make
desperate to work I talked to this I
won't say the name of the famous Elton
John but may as well be but he made it
he made it he made a seminal album like
an album that's a classic album and I
said what do think it was he goes I was
just so desperate to be heard mmm I was
desperate to be heard and then you get
older and you get rich and you kind of
prove it you can do it and you lose the
Bob Dylan talks about that he goes I
don't know who wrote those songs like I
don't I don't remember like they said
they read his lyrics back and he said
isn't that something you know like who
did that not me I don't know I can't do
that anymore that's a that's a that's a
fear of mine I want to be I want to stay
hungry and what would stand up the
difference is you can't just go back and
redo your old song now you have to
constantly be relevant and you have to
have stuff that works right now and you
the people can't have heard it too many
times it's not like songs like I still
want to hear like if you went to see the
Rolling Stones you'd want to hear brown
sugar yeah you'd want to hear it yeah
there's like there's songs they're just
iconic and they give you a good feeling
when you hear them yep not jokes
I appreciate old comedy I go back and
watch it with it looking looking like
I'm watching art or something like that
I'm watching someone's work and I can
appreciate it but I don't appreciate it
from like the feeling that you get when
you see it the first time and you laugh
and you're surprised
and you know the punchlines come out
you're like listen I was surprised that
Bill Cosby had only done one album what
yeah one or two albums I was really
shocked at that I was like I thought
he'd done like 14 or so is that true
yeah did mostly what he did was videos I
guess
no he was just hmm didn't he have like
thumbs of his videos though I don't know
really fans that looked it was like I
thought he'd done like 14 or 15 albums I
mean there's I mean I just typed in Bill
Cosby albums he's got three separate
vinyls so three albums is three vinyls
and smudgey 3 7 7 7 4 70 71 67 68
all right so much for that oh we had a
lot whoops me and job looked it up and
we're like we only find what you guys
are morons and you know that Google
Jamie's it was maybe you're good hey
fucking chin fucking type Cosby right
goddamn it he built bill burr and I were
supposed to go see him before the
scandal hit we were supposed to go see
him we're gonna make a trip to go see
him in Vegas and I think bill will bill
wound up see gnomes another another time
come on hey man that's what I thought I
said albums I said then I I got stop
music albums dude he's got one too let's
stop stop stop stop
he's got one two three four five six
seven eight nine why did I think 17
music albums no he's crazy we got all
these music albums wanting those yeah
marching band bro concerts he had music
albums hmm so 12 albums more than that
right now we have waiting for way more
16 17 couldn't have been more wrong and
yet you stated in Italy 21 chin you're
fired
god damn it cuz I I said this and then
yeah we'd only found one I was so
embarrassed I'm really gonna burst again
that's what's really a shame out no I
was right no cuz I was right the first
asset fuck off and all that out I see
what you did I see what you did he's got
a bunch of Grammys - yeah even after you
in jail for rape sure only person number
like oj was supposed to lose his Heisman
and they can't find it I think her
tampon to the know Atlanta hate Twitter
the world can't find my husband yeah his
his Twitter feed is so bizarre
watching it because he does it different
than anybody everything is hey Twitter
world and
everything is about football it's like
it's all about like what this guy needs
to do and obviously he knows a lot about
football he's a fucking world-class
player my best of all time but in the
end the comments or where the real show
is the comments is all knife emojis and
you really killed that one Oh J it's
like everyone takes their own crack at
him in the comments damn what's he doing
now I wonder if he's he's playing golf
until March
oh my god summer this should be like a
hidden knife in there so you know like
that an angle where like like you know
Sierra's legs are crossed this should be
like something at the bottom what if you
look at the silhouette it looks like a
knife here to the world look at this oh
yeah
that is crazy I wonder if he makes he's
gonna sell out well I don't think he can
spend it um he owes the Goldmans
a large sum of money from a civil case
they can't get the money out of his
pension you know because he's got an NFL
pension yeah that's one of the reasons I
think might move to Florida like Florida
certain laws and protect you now he's in
Nevada I think you know there's places
that have like different laws to protect
you from lawsuits where your your
pension is protected you never have to
worry about being broke because of a
lawsuit he's paid he's paying a serious
price for all that two people are dead
Brian yeah that serious he's out there
playing golf and going hey tour the
world
yeah and he wasn't really even charged
with that he was charged kidnapping yeah
what's funny is that he's allowed to be
on Twitter whereas I think about some of
the people that have been for Twitter
for saying things like a woman is never
a man or a man is never a woman dead
naming you get if you call Caitlyn
Jenner Bruce Damer Jenner that's a dead
naming Caitlyn and then you are banned
for life from Twitter is that really
true a hundred percent
100% of this all come from or that
Hyper's what we were talking about
earlier with people getting mad at
someone for saying Merry Christmas or Co
same thing Jack Dorsey does not want
this Jack Dorsey is calling for some
sort of a decentralized version of
Twitter yeah he was talking about it
when he was here like having a Wild West
Twitter wherever
goes yeah and I think he's right and
Jack is a very Internet minded guy
here's the thing you have to understand
when you're talking about being the CEO
of something that is literally
responsible for billions of pieces of
informations every single day he doesn't
compete managing its scale he's a CEO of
a company that you know he's under
pressure to make more profit there's
it's not as simple as anybody would like
to think and it's not like he can say
hey I think no one should ever be banned
and he can just go ahead and do that he
doesn't have the power to do that no he
has the power to suggest city is the
power to give his opinion there's a lot
of moving pieces a lot of move how does
he make money how does Twitter make mine
it's a good question I don't know how do
you scale that yeah I worry very little
I don't think about I kind of like it I
wanted to stay around I think it's kind
of interesting but I'm a hundred percent
convinced that with the implementation
of a our augmented reality whether it's
through Apple or someone's gonna have
glasses
I think anything we're doing now is
literally like the myspace of the future
in terms of technological interaction I
think the stuff we're doing right now is
all like MySpace like it's not going to
be here so what do you think we're gonna
be doing I think we're gonna be doing
something where they are there's
something good we're gonna be
interacting with each other in some sort
of way our augmented reality glasses
like like Minority Report type shit yeah
we're gonna have glasses where you have
things in front of you can access menus
and pull-downs with you can make
gestures you could say things it'll
Google things in front of your eyes
you're gonna be able to you know here's
a real thing people are gonna this is
something that I think was in a movie
but it's probably would work that people
would have a social score that you would
see when you're coming near that yeah
like a cursor like that's very scary
right you know how like you go on a link
and there's like a bunch of restaurants
and you could put the cursor over it and
a little Yelp box pops up and says it
has four stars and 400 reviews and you
can get like that pops up that could be
you I think it could pop up like the kid
52 years old still fucks like a teenager
it'll say thank you and people could
walk by ago hmm interesting I'm Terence
he's a bit of a Peter Pan is he
well you know I mean you already had
that with uber uber can see how your
by the drivers that's interesting so it
in a way it's interesting this is making
us you can't hide behind like assholes
are getting exposed like you it's making
this more nicer to each other but it's
very it's also a form of it's it's kind
of a prison yeah you've got to always
behave
everybody's watching everything you do
now well this is the new world then and
we have to adjust this new world because
in the future there will be no barriers
between people and information right
those barriers are dissolving in front
of our eyes and people are scrambling to
try to accept it or not accept it or
fight against it or keep up but it is
but it is it's not you can't deny what
it is it is it is real it's happening
and it's gonna keep happening it's gonna
keep getting weirder like we didn't see
Twitter coming we didn't see the
internet coming we didn't see cell phone
implementation on the global scale
coming nobody ever thought you're gonna
carry a phone with you everywhere you go
30 years ago that was never even the
concept so you got 30 years which is a
blink of an eye in human history 30
years later everyone's got a goddamn
phone they are literally everywhere 30
years from now it's probably gonna
become some next-level shit
well it'll be part of our body we're not
around but also I think it's interesting
because it'll almost be like if
everybody was naked all the time nudity
would be no big deal I'll show a little
tiny and tell you they have a little
tiny dick and that would be and even
then you'd find your niche really Wow
I always say like even if you have a
little tiny dick a lot of lesbians get
hot girls yeah man you just find our
girls that don't care our girls that
don't want to deal with my 9 inch piece
you know what I'm saying no I know and
my personality my money if you're into
that I'm you're good like a snake god
that's that's what the media says I'm
not gonna describe my this attack I mean
it's it's he's got he's got lungs you
can see him breathe man he's got a crook
so I can fuck around corners you should
get it painted like an anaconda I'd love
to man how'd you get your dick tattooed
like an anaconda uh Joe Rogan experience
does anybody get their dick tattooed
like no people have but has anybody had
like a really good one done what would I
do though the American flag I don't know
what I fucking whenever whenever anyone
gets a dick tattooed it's always like
like a fucking
dragon or some point though was that Joe
ears are here where my balls are but the
dragon the tip of the nose red bad you
want something that says like that joke
where it's like when it's soft it says
tiny and when it's hard it says
Ticonderoga in New York yeah yes exactly
there's bands that's the future you know
tattoos on your face weren't around dang
nobody led like fucking postal Malone
postponed the 1970 they just lock him in
jail Oh something wrong with this kid
white drawn on your face still the
dumbest crazy shit I've ever seen in my
life yeah always tired on his face great
musician though really talented guy but
hey cut that out but like my point is
that didn't exist in the 1960s right
yeah what about dick tattoos like what
if that becomes a norm what if a girl
like takes your pants down the future
and just like you don't even have your
dick tattooed ah well I thought for a
while first of all I'll tell you what it
has changed I think young men manscape
they shave all the hair off there is
that guy real I typed in face tattoos in
1960s I just saw uh comes up well that's
crazy he's got like birds on his
forehead and a Jesus he's for it is that
real I mean oh for sure somebody did it
if you're getting mad but it's never
been as common as it is now particularly
for show business imagine if like Fred
Astaire had face tattoos you know that
girl's was she got on her cheek there
Mary Styles doesn't it's not real how do
you know oh it is fake yeah oh it's a
drawing even though if it's drawing who
cares it's still crazy so I got drawn
her face honey that's your cheek don't
tolerate that kind of chicken your life
well there's a lot of people getting
face tattoo when I when the game was
posting pictures of his huge dick in
underwear you ever see that another
dudes a giant dick in underwear he
doesn't like take it out of cats
apparently in some way to jog yeah cuz
it's that big I guess he's got it take a
look at the game and you guys talking
about somebody else oh the guy in cats
that was on Instagram yeah piece of it
giant piece on them and they Instagram
took the photo down because they're like
this is a too sensitive because he's
just got a giant hog and he's in his
underwear and black underwear by there
there it is right there look at that
that's it that's dick hot here's the
thing congratulations that dude that
dude was playing with himself before
that probably oh come on I'm not hating
it
listen man put in work and put in work
now but the rot the game as a giant dick
as we've seen the video have you seen
the picture he posted not trying to
avoid pictures no that's right look
that's not that's fake what you go to
all the time
fake fucking news don't you go to things
alright it's your opinion Jesus Christ
yeah it's all right
I thought men are gonna start doing this
now Jesus how many pictures of his hog
does he have no but it said something
hilarious he goes Jesus Christ is that
real yeah well listen if I had a dick
that big I'd let everybody know too
I mean he's grabbing his Dale that dick
is pretty preposterous
yeah that's preposterous so there you go
that's his dick
what yeah it crazy like something about
it was really funny that he said
something about Halloween don't just be
afraid of this dick don't worry about
ghosts what it says now remember that's
that's right now I remember other but
that one almost doesn't even look real
but that's like a 15 inch dick six four
two yeah right but how big is that dick
big enough but that's about 15 inches
right and thick around like a baby's arm
that's the time to break the internet
again that's a two-year-old's arm does
he pay your bills hashtag it ain't
trickin has that real ninja shit does he
take care of your kids
does he lick it from the front to the
back has he slid under that pussy like
Mecca Nick and tuned it up with his
tongue run her bath until the water is
warm as a Miami morning in the spring
okay this is for women he's high now
handle your business I with a giant dick
he's hilarious fucking funny to me
I gotta get his phone number and hang
out with him and let me buy you a drink
dicks probably show you his dick - no
it's gonna make you feel bad
hey Bryce
before you go that's okay I always say
that to guys there are dudes like the
problem with giant dudes do Jitsu and
suffer it's like they could fuck you
that's a great job could Brendan beat me
and then what if they're fucking you're
a dick that's tattooed like an anaconda
that's what I'm getting at
does anybody have that let's take over
Lee there's got to be a guy who's
tattooed his dick like anaconda of
course 100% but I'm shocked that I
haven't seen this I'm outraged this
seems like something that I would ever
longtime if I can think of it in 2019
surely before hundreds and hundreds of
times yes
there's no way right it was a vice
article about everything you wanted to
know about penis tattoos and it talks
about it guys 14 stripes to make it look
like a snake that's cool let me see
i wad I didn't know takes for an article
and it's for science it let me just say
I care really about dicks but I just
want to make sure this is true you're
not lying
yeah we'll bring up this and it images
they're just tattoos that's the dragon
the far right you know what is the
problem see that far-right dragon this
is duenna seen before this is people
that's a price go she ate in the problem
of individuality with a Kouta mall is
that what is yes or they just like
dragons it's just like I wish that dick
was a dragon that's possible too well
that's a girl bro you don't even know
the difference you know boring a girl
hey I thought fuck what's that one in
the middle what's that one in the middle
there on the right hand side in the
middle that right there bang what's
happening plus he's got a bolt that's
the same guy man he just got more work
done by right in that fucking head how
you just nailed it nailed your dick down
why does he have a bolt through the head
of his just going on what does that guy
do he's rolling his dick like dough yeah
he's gonna kind of roll into it that's
how they tattoo it oh he's just stop I'm
done have to flatten out what the fuck
man I'll do it for attention what should
I get on my dick you gonna tattoo
everything you have ten seconds ten
hello kitty
yeah yeah that's very good
all the girls that go down there go what
the fuck kitty
imagine hey honey I got a new thing yep
pull your dick out your wife sees Hello
Kitty on your cock like what why that's
funny
would you get like a little star under
your cheek yeah little tiny one yeah a
star I want to I want to teardrop you
gotta kill somebody teardrop to a star
you just have to be cool little star
yeah yeah you're just like you know you
think different 52 oh yeah why not
goddamn just to change things well
Stallone I think got sleeved you got
half sleeve shirt is in his 60s sure did
yeah just decided for my canary in the
coalmine
that's my canary in the coalmine just
give still kiss - yeah he got a full
shoulders chest all that shit done look
at that
jacked see get a picture of him that's
it that's from that movie that picture
go back about the one you just had do
that to you that one that's when he was
doing that movie bullet in the head yeah
he got super lean man yeah he got down
like a hundred it looks like he's like
170 pounds yeah yeah ridiculously
disciplined to taste and a hundred and
fifty years old and still doing action
movies still fucking people up in New
York oh I'm buying it
yeah I'm buying it yep in the
Expendables it's throwing people against
the walls like I'm buying it yep yep big
hands big boy he's got Joe Rogan hands
your why is your last name Rogan though
you have just as my grandfather on my
father's side is half I well he was
Irish like my father's half Irish yeah
so his my father's mom was a full
Italian and his dad was foolish
so you're 1/4 Irish I'm fucking great
shape
plus you might be holdin stomach him
right there for the picture but the guy
behind this tattooing him he's got dizzy
at some that's making Mickey Rourke oh
that's that movie
a Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man
that's what movies is from this is some
movie oh there's another movie could be
Expendables scene or something
Mickey Rourke is an accessor he's the
kind of guy that would come over your
house with like a full indian jacket on
with like the tassels my favorite actor
skin and like he would have buckskin
pants on and like legit cowboy boots and
you couldn't say nothing nothing a big
turquoise belt buckle and no shirt yeah
no shirt when he was younger my favorite
actor of all time one of those ties
calls this is just a string yeah the
western time yeah you know I'm talking
about what is that fucking thing yeah
that's a fake tie that's what that is
that's whatever he wants and it's not a
time and carry around two small dogs in
his hands oh yeah yeah and maybe a gun
maybe a gun maybe a bow around his neck
whatever the fuck you want yeah yeah
maybe walks through your house with a
knife and his teeth yeah like what's
going on with Mickey just make a even
it's just they gave him alone just as
regular Mickey yeah the world of actors
my friend they are out there he was
abused by his stepdad really well was he
yeah you take great a great interview
with Alec Baldwin on Baldwin's podcast
called here's the thing it was very
heartbreaking very heartbreaking he was
abused by his um his his stepfather was
a cop and a brutal son of a bitch and
really abused those two boys well his
brother Mickey's brother died in his
arms Oh
drug addict because of his father he
blamed his father his stepfather then he
saw his father he'd never seen and he's
so heartbreaking till the story he saw
his father in New York father's come out
of a bar
his father goes and Nicky was stand
there and he goes I'm your son his
father goes I thought I'd run into you
one day and then his father died a week
later of alcoholism mmm see we ran into
him as a grown man yeah you tells you
everything about someone you know your
hearts broken at a young age well almost
everyone
that's fucked up in this life is fucked
up because of something that someone did
to them whether it's a relative or abuse
that they suffered or you know things
throughout their life that have gone
horribly wrong especially for children
the
big one I mean that's the most formative
time of your life right when you meet
people that were abused as children you
everyone like universally feels for them
you're like oh no when you have children
especially oh for sure you realize what
a catastrophe and an impossible thing to
deal with that that's so terrible to me
it's the special evil you know it is
abusing children I mean you're ruining
not just a moment but the full potential
of a child's life they're never gonna
escape the fact that that was done to
them but someone used them this is a
child psychologist she wasn't stalking
her and I said give me some advice with
my children you know she said to me she
goes just don't leave just me in their
life that's big I was like that's true
right because when your dad's not there
your mom's not there if someone's not
there this is like the feeling of like
displacement everything's wrong the
world and then on top of that what these
kids get abused it's like oh my god
you've you've compounded horror on top
of of sadness and loneliness horror on
top yeah and it's also it this is the
really fucked up things it repeats
itself like they say that people that
are molested when their children are
much more likely to more or less
children which is like the Saints it's
the thing that happened to the abuse
that happened to you it's almost like
you want to put it on someone else did
the fact that there's so many kids grew
up in single-parent households in this
country is the problem that's the
problem
that's a job you can talk about racism
you talking else you grew up without a
father you grew up in a single-parent
household that's that is that's abuse
that is men who have children men who
have children and walk out on those kids
that those the people I have no time for
my hate them I don't give a fuck what
your excuses you have I would make it a
law like you you'd be I would make it
very uncomfortable but that's just one
kind of abuse there's also abuse by your
actual biological parents there's a
service by other biological relatives
there's there's people that is abused by
stepfathers and that's your brothers and
sisters there's abuse by neighbors
there's this abuse man but it's all
boils down the same thing it's like what
happens during your developmental period
when you're a really young person to
becoming an adult and once if someone's
abusing you and fucking you over that
just ruins
most people's lives most people don't
bounce back from that you know and then
you get caught up in this spiral of this
cycle of crime and violence and prison
and abuse and you're done you're done I
wonder how long it's going to take
before the human race eradicate that
because I think if you look at like
Pinker's work and some other people just
studied violence and abuse and all the
various things that we love least about
civilization those markers are going
down sort of across the board whether
it's violent crime or rape those markers
are slowly going down like how long does
it take for there's none of that part of
it's part of it so they say what
crippled the Mafia was just the fact
there are cameras everywhere you can't
just drop bodies all the time because
it's you don't know everybody's got a
fucking ring the cops just go can we
take a look at your ring footage right
and and you know you got to make a
getaway somewhere you're always on
camera you're always on camera and they
can do this they can just follow the
dots
well Snowden just posted something that
I retweeted it see we can find that
Jaime about China and the citizens are
sort of revolting against this constant
surveillance state that's overtaken
China I'm saying over the next ten years
is what's going to be America absent
sweeping reform this is the whole world
in ten years remember both parties in
the u.s. defend mass surveillance
programs
China's advantage here is not
technological but that there's no strong
civil opposition to slow the descent
into nightmare so China is not I'm sorry
I read it wrong China is not able to
slow it they're just slowly descending
into the surveillance date this is the
biggest one that's why that's why not
trusting your fucking leaders is very
important we were lied to it I've gotta
stop for 18 years by senior US officials
the authorities can scan your phone
track your face and find when you find
out when you leave your home one of the
world's biggest spying networks is aimed
at regular people and no one can stop it
yeah and this is in China yeah all in
the name of security there's never been
a regime a government that didn't use
that as an excuse yeah you take so the
Nazis take that Hitler when he became
Chancellor took away
all all civil liberties because in the
name of protecting the fatherland from
rent from essentially terrorism because
a communist lit lit the Reichstag on
fire well what's interesting is how long
is it going to take before some version
of this makes it over here because it
seems inevitable it's coming but you
have to be you have to fight it tooth
and fucking nail Americans should always
be missed
distrustful of their authority figures I
don't give a fuck how much you like
Trump or anybody else you should hold
your leaders accountable and you should
not you should always have a healthy
distrust well we were lied to for
eighteen years about how the war was
going in Afghanistan we spent over a
trillion dollars on that fucking war
over the past how long has it been since
2003 good and and we were trying to turn
into a modern nation you have senior US
officials with our intelligence military
and everybody else they knew this was an
unwinnable war I know too many people
who spent out ten years over there they
all knew it too and somehow that just
never made it out and every general kept
saying we're at a turning point in the
war we're going to defeat the Taliban no
you weren't and you know the difference
and you knew that at the time and I
understand that there's a lot of
pressure and everything else but we
spent all that money for fucking what
and a lot of Americans got injured and
fucking killed for it and we were lied
to I know what this is what's
interesting about what you're saying
this is the argument for something like
this in the first place
have you had this he had mass
surveillance everywhere people wouldn't
be able to plan terrorist attacks that's
what they always use as an excuse no but
that's what do yes that's how they would
implement I know that and they could get
something like that implemented in
Afghanistan and put a giant kibosh sure
on the amount of terrorist activities
yeah right good luck I know I would say
good luck dunny history study history to
see how that turns out that's so the
thing is this kind of tools never
existed like you could study history all
day long government it's usually gonna
prepare you sort of peripherally it's
not really gonna prepare you for what
what technology can do today there's
nothing in history that can really tell
you where this goes I agree with you but
but politicians use the same exact
language they've been using ever ever
which is we have to protect the public
from these inserts and it's this danger
there's a solution that eventually
there's no more government here's a
solution to that you what this is doing
it's making it almost impossible to be a
traditional to have a traditional
government right because if this stuff
starts making it into there then we can
find out what they're doing all the time
so what if we what if it turns out well
we'll let you mass surveillance on we
want 24-hour seven access to anyone who
is any sort of representative anyone
who's a congressman and it was a senator
anyone is the president we want 24/7
access to everything you say and do we
want to know we want to know who you are
no more backs my problem with that is
that you wouldn't have the best people
getting in you don't have the best
people now that's true but it's gone
it's over
you're already dealing with that as a
politician and stuff I don't know if
that's the answer my saying is the
answer Brian Cowen I'm just saying
imagine oh I'm not saying it's a good
idea it's a terrible idea but imagine if
this this is what the world becomes
everyone has access to everyone's life
see the way I believe it is is you want
to if you want to learn about somebody
as a government agency you got major
firewalls and you need warrants and make
it fucking difficult right but the
reason why a country like the United
States goes to war with a country like
Afghanistan or against the or Isis
because you have leaders and groups yeah
once there's no leader and once there's
no groups and everybody can see
everything that everybody's doing then
you have no no more need for government
somebody's gonna come but all societies
are meditative resources no but also but
you also have to have somebody no moral
Society has to have the monopoly on
violence well they understand himself or
or all the resources get distributed
evenly all natural resources like income
all natural resources on earth are owned
by the human beings that inhabit the
earth not the human beings that live on
that one particular spot
although out Saudi trillionaires and all
those dudes are making fracking money
that's our money bitch it's our earth
you're stealing the fucking essence of
the earth and selling it back to the
people
how did
Karl Marx right here man no problem
Jamie a magic test but all the other
things you could sell you could sell
cars you can sell this you could sell
that make buildings you can I'm not
stopping capitalism but I'm saying is
all natural resources all of them belong
to the conquerors of the earth which is
us the human being so no no no
trillionaire oil barons no dependence on
fossil fuels because yeah fossil fuels
are great but if no one in particular is
profiting entirely off fossil fuels
because the money has to be distributed
evenly to everyone the same with solar
semen than anything anything that's a
resource any natural resource yeah but
you need minimize the technology to to
harness that stuff you tell that you
sell that which you can't sell is oil
well we've sold on the open market not
anymore not when I'm president what the
fuck dude so oils everybody you got
robbed stealing it we're just dealing it
we're gonna well nuke the world if they
don't give us the oil just listen let's
start off start fresh with amoebas let's
you see this is not going well let me be
your vice president all right you run
okay and then what's our platform what's
ours the tuna in the sea what's our
slogan how do we grow more tuna let free
tune are you fucks yeah no more no more
dinner theater everybody that works in
dinner theater now makes tuna you work
in a tuna plant where you make tunas
fuck you like this so we have more more
tuna you run for it you forced a
breeding program yes yes yes and you're
gonna have to filter the ocean we've
know a great president we fucked up the
ocean there's all these heavy metals and
poison in there we need a filter for the
ocean sort of like the filter that you
have at your house yeah the filters the
tap water yeah right yeah yeah we need
one of those for the ocean expensive
shit not really right not when you get
rid of music dinner theater all musicals
oh you use the money yeah yeah I got to
make those people go to work in a real
job yeah yeah all those people who think
that it musicals are what people want to
see if fuck you really fuck you go oh
you son of a bitch
now that time when we got really really
really really really high and we went to
see one of your professors one of your
greatest sing-sing musicals yes I do
that was that was a wonderful night it
was out it was a while I love that kind
of stuff we were so I couldn't walk fast
no me neither like be real well I knew I
knew how to walk but I wasn't totally
sure I could keep doing it I never I
never smoked weed and but when I do it
to you it's like I got high one time I
was with patty Jenkins we were in a
fucking Atlantic City and we didn't
swimming and I smoked weed and I didn't
I was not a weed smoker and you swam in
the water at the ocean
fuck you at night dude you're doing huge
waves I lost Mike we lost the car keys
and we're looking everywhere dude
everywhere and two hours later I sit
down on the curb son my BOB just tired
we don't worry too much looks at me and
she goes Brian yeah open your hand
please of course I had my sunglasses on
top of my hat and looked for him for 10
minutes before the other day I'm like
I'm with my I'm with my son and I'm
looking for my phone and I'm like where
the fuck is my phone fuck is it he's
he's next to me I'm on my phone playing
a game right next to me snatch the phone
up yeah those kids download the game
form oh you forgot yeah you know yeah I
mean that TRT he was playing a sniper
game and I said you're not allowed to
play that shit at all and then I saw how
cool it was and I own the planet whoa
you try to keep him from violent games I
do but it's a it's like telling a tree
not to blow in the wind it's interesting
Dakota Meyer who's you know decorated
veteran and you know Medal of Honor yes
very few to ever win it well alive yeah
he thinks that video games and violent
video games desensitize people now when
someone like that who's open with the
struggles with PTSD he share killed a
man with a rock okay tell me the start
about he it was in a fistfight with a
guy you know in war with with the enemy
and picked up a rock and beat his brains
oh Jesus if this guy is telling you that
videogames candy cents
you I'm gonna listen yeah I'm gonna
listen to him I am to he's you know he I
just a that yeah you shouldn't get very
good at these kids who have the guns but
it also for some people that don't have
any tendency towards violence like you
or me or Jamie or anybody else that we
know that's fine and healthy they're not
gonna make you more likely to go shoot
people and that's a fact yeah that's the
thing it's like are you saying that you
playing Red Dead Redemption that's gonna
make you want to go out and fucking
shoot people no it's not going to have
any effect on you as well at all but
will it have an effect on minors I think
they're couple things going on one is I
think they're addictive oh yeah I've
seen that with my own eyes with my
children they're addictive and when you
and when you take the game away they
exhibit withdrawal they freak the fuck
out man come on yeah one more game yeah
Jesus crazy they stomp the ground I know
yeah and then and then also I think when
you play video games you can get so
addicted that you will isolate and
you'll play those games all day oh
there's what's that kids doing that yeah
what's that do to your social
interaction what's that do to your body
should you be doing a sport what's that
do to you later on can you get a girl
but when you've been sitting in front of
it there are lots of things that we
don't know I mean do they lend dude do
video games when you play them on that
level do they retard your social skills
and your you know I mean there's a lot
of considerations I don't know I'm also
in favor of you doing anything you want
if there's some people that would make
the same argument about someone who's
addicted to reading sure there's a lot
of people that are in their head is
reading novel and they were it yeah but
those arguments were argued before video
games you just don't hear it anymore
because you just hear the more
accelerated version what it is is
basically an engaging human creation
yeah an engaging human creation that's
designed to captivate your attention
whether it's a novel or a film or
anything yeah like things are designed
that's what art is in a lot of ways and
you go to an art gallery and you stare
at someone's work it's like some human
creation that captivates your attention
and gets you locked in and we see a
really beautiful piece like we were in
Italy and we were in Florence and we
went to say ancient
a ancient Church and they had this
beautiful works of art on the wall and
it is fascinating fascinating stuff and
you try to picture like the people that
painted this a thousand years ago and
what life was like and you looking at
the intricacies of these dresses like
that's an engaging human creation that
captivates your attention we just we
have merit in that kind of engaging
captivated piece of art we have put
merit in that but we don't put merit in
video games for some reason yeah it's
almost like it's too engaging it's too
much it's too captivating it's - it's an
interesting question why why not you
know because we know it's detrimental we
inherently know that you gonna waste
giant chunks of your life unless you're
someone who like got a trust fund you
never have to work again
you got fucking ten million dollars in
the bank and you could just chill
forever and you want to play video games
all day am i all right like if you mean
I don't know what to tell you you don't
have to work yeah but what is it
something like Picasso's wanker or you
know that that painting of when Spain
was bombed by the Luftwaffe before World
War two and to bring that up because
it's a kind of a haunting painting but
what is that why is that still something
that's considered a masterpiece and then
like you said there's like these
incredible image there's incredible
imagery and what we can do with an iPad
well it's all the same thing in some way
it's a human creation but the thing
about these digital human creations is
they have this alien like cold feel to
them like there's something about
digital things even if they're
spectacular like there's no emotion in
this thing this thing is a creation so
one in a zero it's it's yeah where it's
like if you're just reading novels all
day like if you're that person that just
yeah fuck the world I'm gonna go in my
house I'm gonna shut the door I'm gonna
light a candle I'm gonna sit there and
I'm gonna read novels all day I have 10
million dollars in the bank that I got
for my trust fund I just like reading
yeah no one would say you're a loser
like what does Brian do he's amazing you
know he got his trust fund and then said
I want to educate myself I just want to
read and he just reads all the great
works and he sits at home all day and
just reads it's amazing but that is
somehow more intriguing because what
you're doing is is developing and
expanding your understanding inside I
think when you do that what what that
means is you're someone who is worth
speaking to you might have some secrets
and some understanding
I can use so when you talk to somebody
who's really gone down that rabbit hole
like Joseph Campbell mm-hmm you know who
read all the philosophers and everybody
who influenced them you want you want to
hear what he has to say because he's
organized his brain and his thoughts in
a way that might shed some light on the
things that are confusing to you that
are you know that are depressing or that
are scaring you or whatever and and you
do need leaders like that the leaders of
thought that can put things into
perspective you know that can kind of
tell you why there's a difference
between say Picasso and this other mmm
shitty artist I don't know no yeah for
sure yeah for sure but you also need
people that know how to play the fuck
out of a video game the thing is those
people don't get any credit when you see
these kids today that are winning these
video game tournaments and winning a
million dollars in a parent and not play
games
meanwhile the dad works at fucking IHOP
like hey asshole you know these guys are
making real money can his stupid game
that you told them to never play and
they're feeling like arenas arenas crazy
this is where the world goes the world
goes to the most engaging creation and
human beings have that locks in other
people's attention and the most engaging
creations for young people or these
goddamn video games yeah they're just
group efforts they're giant group
corporate efforts whether it's you know
grand theft auto or the new doom once I
knew do them coming out but but I feel
like doom and but I do think there's a
difference I I do think that when you're
really good at a video game there's
there is an addictive quality to it yes
you're really good at do shows thing
right but at the end of the day it's a
game right and that game is somewhat
masturbatory that game I don't know that
when you really get good at fort not
night or doom I don't know if that game
in any way expands your understanding or
your ability to contribute to the larger
conversation okay but I'm just saying
does Snoke so is that the strategy game
no how dare you what is it yes what no
chess just a good one but what no
there's a reason why
said snooker yeah the reason why I said
smokers because you're executing you're
actually doing you have to do you have
to keep it together and you have to
physically execute a move it's a giant
pool table that they played in England
and they play with red balls and blue
balls and pink balls and and black balls
and I don't know I don't understand the
game I've watched it a bunch yeah but uh
there's these people that play it and
you know it's less popular now one of
the guys one of the best time guys got
busted he got busted doing a fixed game
like someone someone paid him off to
lose and he agreed to do it for a
certain amount of money but the thing is
that a game like that is well respected
because someone has to execute it's not
just yanking you have to get off the
shot yes it's a skill and also people
love to watch it who play snooker yeah
probably not me but people know the
difference right a video game you have
to execute as well but it doesn't seem
like you're doing it because you're not
physically just moving your hands around
and moving a keyboard and it doesn't
seem like it's as skillful or but it is
yeah that's a really interesting
question I don't know you're asking a
really interesting question right so
because what they are doing is they're
providing entertainment for people just
like a great pool player right right so
when you watch pool you're doing it for
stakes you're doing it for money but
you're also watching these people who
have mastered this insane geometry what
we respect some versions of that like
golf yeah
we respect golf yeah you watch some land
and also the the money that's available
that's why we don't respect bowling yeah
someone's get boy like congratu you pat
him on the head good for you good for
you nobody cares but if you're fucking
one of the best golf players of all time
yeah you know that golfer is gonna make
millions and millions of dollars a year
but that guy is a baller he's a golfer
and he's at the top of the food chain
when it comes to any of those skills
require you to master yourself in him
anyway oh yeah yeah sure but the thing
is that the video games it seems like
it's happening in a digital realm and
because of that it's not taken as
seriously even if you found out they
made more money like when you find out
someone's a successful video game player
there's a certain part of you look like
why are you wasting your time with that
even if you go
he makes five million dollars a year oh
well huh
good for him yeah huh seems weird yes
right there's like a weird yes you don't
it's still not good you know like you
notice for us who are older its
subversive yes that for guys that are
A's it's subversive it's we don't trust
it we don't like it we don't understand
it and it scares us a little bit because
it also reminds us of our own
immortality
we're also brainwash the thing in the
video games are for all of that so so so
we have a we have an stereotypical idea
of what a video game player is all that
stuff so so for older people I'm I'm
feel I feel left out I don't understand
it
you know and I and I feel like they're
being bad and they should listen to me
whereas chess is noble you all chess is
someone playing chess that's noble
special special yeah you find out
someone who's really good at chess like
fuck it guys impressive they can
organize a can thing deeply if a girl
could teach eclis beat your ass at chess
I dated a girl once she was really good
at chess I'm so humiliated
mm-hmm shut me down well jujitsu is a
form of kinetic chess probably sort of
you can make that argument I mean yeah
but force and there's mat there's mass
it's all there's also leverage there's
also understanding when to use your
energy when not to when to be relaxed
when to be strong it's more complicated
even than chess probably no I think it's
more calm I'm not good in either one but
you know yeah yes you but there is an
understanding of the moves and then when
someone's countering the understanding
of the counter and then the counter to
the counter and it's like constant thing
that's like Hicks and Gracie want things
he always sees to say about people's
they can't keep the rhythm you know he'd
be like he would put a rhythm on people
he just made you attack and you count
our attack and you counter attacking you
counter but I know what your counter is
I'm preparing for your counters I'm
moving he does it so often that he keeps
this rhythm up until you don't know what
you can't just explode all the time you
don't know the the moves it was a boxer
who was fighting Duran you hear him in
the corner came up with the fight was he
goes he's reading my mind he's reading
my fucking mind
well Duran knew the patterns so well
that he was like I know what he's doing
here yeah I know what he's gonna do see
he would cut him off and he'd be like
the guys fucking catching me every time
I try to work on our game plan that's
what boxing is right boxing is like
understanding the patterns of someone
throwing a left or a right
moving their head side to side moving
forward moving back moving side-to-side
you get these patterns these are the
only things you can do you can only move
back and forth side to side or you can
move left to right or you can throw with
your left hand or you can throw with
your right hand all the variables with
different kinds of punches you can throw
but you get a guy like Terence Crawford
in front of you he's seen all those and
so he starts setting you up to see like
what are you doing like where are you
doing where am I gonna there's a
beautiful combination to use to knock
out that cat the other night he fought
some very rugged dude who's the the guy
Crawford fought this weekend I want to
see I only saw the highlights of it
because it was I guess it was on ESPN
rag here it is like saying I watch this
I want to see him fight all spent so
badly
oh yeah be phenomenal that's the fight
but the the end of the fight man he just
did some oh my god willful creative shit
he's amazing man he really is amazing
took some shot oh duty for real the
guy's very good Matt oh yeah now watch
that die he dropped him there now watch
the final culmination look at this watch
his step faculty that step back Bing how
beautiful is that that step back and
then that uppercut
that's like recognizing patterns then he
stepped in and hooked him in the head
he's brilliant brilliant he's there's
guys that hit this level right when you
watch boxing or any combat sport really
this is guy that hit this level you're
like oh during that fucking super
champion zone yes and that's where
Crawford is why he needs to fight all
Spencer yes that's where low mischenko
Howe was Earl Spencer live and not
injured I don't know because he's
Superman that video of him flipping the
adequate Ferrari and watching it fly
over him and he doesn't get crushed now
how what are the odds that who makes it
out there without a scratch and thank
God because I had aficionado that work
of art needs to be preserved
some days fuck yeah it's fine little gay
all about people that are gays fuck yeah
you did sound yeah he's a beast man the
way he shut down Mikey Garcia he hits
too hard on saying what Shawn Porter
gave him the what for Shawn Porter was
that's where you realize so important
seven-time world champion this we've
already talked
gave him the what for game the watchful
of that flavor
I say things like this I go I'm gonna
keep him busy I'll give him the what for
give him look let's knew what would
happen if Jamie came at me right now I'm
selling get that but God asked me what
would happen if Jamie came at you meet
him halfway
whoa that's what happened Jamie's a big
Jamie he's not what happen if Joe came
at you come back with what I got no
really see that no watch now watch this
Jamie broke his butt bone out here on
one of them's good at all yeah he was
trying to figure out what his injury is
forever until Zach bitter explained how
he broke his butt bone and Jamie's like
that's the exact same problem I've been
having
and it happened from him on those
fucking the the hoverboard thing what oh
no fell on the concrete right out here
broke his butt yeah well maybe for sure
undiagnosed broken by most it's exactly
the same spot it was where he landed he
landed on his butt hey Jamie Jamie yes
ask me if I ever killed a man did you
ever kill a man ever stop - look brother
are you in The New Mickey Rourke movie -
man how about me as a fucking action
here was my name and a con Wade no
anaconda huh
would you like a bag of ropes now a
fuckin Anna Anna Anna hey guys a girl no
cuz they go he's name is Anna and they
go Conda you ever roll with him oh it's
like like a boy named Sue yeah my
favorite songs sing that he ever did was
gone he went ahead and named me sue
that's a great fuckin one of the
greatest songs that's it that's my
favorite Johnny Cash song
Johnny Cash's my dad left home him when
I was three didn't leave much from mommy
and it's this old guitar an empty bottle
of booze Brian counts almost 4 p.m. we
already three hours time caused by
problem it does we gonna do this more
often we always say this but we did it
come see me at the will you have it no
wait
it's a Wilbur theater in Boston on New
Year's Eve yeah man for do stand-up
comedy kids have a new hour I got a
whole new hour you have a whole new
outlet at the Wilbur theater in New
Year's Eve and if your name
tomorrow celebrity theater I'm in
Arizona tomorrow oh my god
tomorrow tomorrow with Frank Caliendo an
absolute tomorrow you're at the
celebrity theater in Phoenix Arizona
yeah and that what day is that
that's tomorrow on Saturday Saturday's
is coming out to come out today it'll be
the 21st
24:28 first first 31st the 31st I'm at
Wilbur that fucking ten days later get
your fucking dick ten days later New
Year's Eve thirty that's when I'm is
that it's cold as fuck
no he's even boss panic through the so
called my face hurt I had to run into a
store it gets tried to run it I would
try to walk a half him out of coffee all
right
god bless you god bless you Brian Cowen
ladies and gentlemen this Saturday night
Friday night Saturday saturday Saturday
night celebrity celebs night is Friday
you know in there tonight tomorrow night
I'll be like your monster you don't know
every theater and Saturday night
celebrity theater and bye everybody
[Music]